
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18033657000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  44013                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    79734                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              793703021                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018034                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18033657000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            201594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      246172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         96260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1251628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18033646                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18033646                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              794611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1857322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1857322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3422504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1410106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        447086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     246171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1409874     75.81%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.01%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.05%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.02%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.02%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200599     10.79%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  245995     13.23%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.02%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1859740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        193409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       193409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11788272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  11825569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11788272000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  11825569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       193512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       193512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61146.929756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61142.806178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61146.929756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61142.806178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       190453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           190453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       193409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       193409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11402700000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11438751000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11402700000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11438751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59146.929756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59142.806178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59146.929756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59142.806178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                190492                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       193409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11788272000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11825569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       193512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61146.929756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61142.806178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11402700000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11438751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59146.929756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59142.806178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2880.633611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             380949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           190492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   587.355040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2293.278571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.069985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.087910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          973                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.089020                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           579436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          579436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.344914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.344914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1252385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1252385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       190453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       577271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       577271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 577271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     24567168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     24567168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24567168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1145674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1023643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12378176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12188992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12188992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           192786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               193409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        190453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              190453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2210977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          684182027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              686393004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2210977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2210977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       675902397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             675902397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       675902397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2210977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         684182027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1362295401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    190453.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    192786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11902                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11902                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               569998                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              178538                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       193409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      190453                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     193409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    190453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              11906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              11907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              11905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             11905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             11906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             11902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             11899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             11897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1760055000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5386473750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9100.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27850.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    166810                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   164357                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 193409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                190453                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   193408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        52673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.362956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    445.848572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    106.467324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           108      0.21%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2368      4.50%      4.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4545      8.63%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2312      4.39%     17.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        43316     82.24%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         52673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.250042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.007272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      27.251162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          11901     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.027499                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             11901     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12378176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12187840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12378176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12188992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        686.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        675.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     686.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     675.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18033613000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46979.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12338304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12187840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2210976.952705710195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 684182026.973231196404                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 675838516.835492610931                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       192786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       190453                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5369939000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 438017255500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27854.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299870.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             188074740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              99948915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            690266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           497058840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1423506240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7522777350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         589954080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11011586805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         610.613078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1472198750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    602160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15959298250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             188039040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              99945120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            690673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           497011860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1423506240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7519670280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         592570560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11011416720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.603646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1479056000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    602160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15952441000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15067590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15067590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15067590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15067590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.483490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.483488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78105.217869                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78105.217869                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78105.217869                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78105.217869                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14681764000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14681764000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14681764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14681764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76105.228236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76105.228236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76105.228236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76105.228236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     192727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15054198000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15054198000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.972900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78130.974315                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78130.974315                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14668842000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14668842000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76130.984695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76130.984695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.570398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                192727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.035029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.570398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.724884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.724884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                591918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               591918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        192798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            193513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           193513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13909061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13954407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13909061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13954407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          193671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         193671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72143.180946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72110.953786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72143.180946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72110.953786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13523467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13567383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13523467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13567383000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70143.191319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70110.964121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70143.191319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70110.964121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    193124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           193513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13909061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13954407000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         193671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72143.180946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72110.953786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13523467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13567383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70143.191319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70110.964121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              441.873674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 385696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               193124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.941169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.200231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.732275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.038948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.529688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.863035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               579870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              579870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               193671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              193670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        192632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       578459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  579973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     24674880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 24723328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1156831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18033657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                36572105000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  50987                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34232820                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    92073                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              932350580                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3611614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.036572                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36572105000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            401594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3611614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      496172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        196260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2501628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         36572094                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   36572094                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1594611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3707322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3707322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6822504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2810106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        897086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     496171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2809874     75.74%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.03%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400599     10.80%     86.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  495995     13.37%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3709740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        393409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       393409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24026720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24064017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24026720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24064017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       393512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       393512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61170.000967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61167.937185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61170.000967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61167.937185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       390453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           390453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       393409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       393409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23241148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23277199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23241148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23277199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59170.000967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59167.937185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59170.000967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59167.937185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                390492                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       393409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24026720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24064017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       393512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61170.000967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61167.937185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23241148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23277199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59170.000967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59167.937185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2899.067781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             780949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           390492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   588.695774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2310.372008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.070507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.088473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.089020                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1179436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1179436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.676978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.676978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2502385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2502385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       390453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1177271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1177271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1177271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50167168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50167168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50167168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2345674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2082162250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25138304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     24988992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         24988992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           392786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               393409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        390453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              390453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1090230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          687362786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              688453016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1090230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1090230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       683280112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             683280112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       683280112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1090230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         687362786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1371733128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    390453.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    392786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24402                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24402                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1162258                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              366038                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       393409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      390453                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     393409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    390453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3589983750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              10966402500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9125.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27875.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    339430                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   336977                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 393409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                390453                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   393408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       107437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.934259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.057541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    105.271485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           108      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4748      4.42%      4.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9307      8.66%     13.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4694      4.37%     17.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        88556     82.43%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        107437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.121957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.003547                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      19.031907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          24401    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.019205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24401    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25178176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 24987840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25178176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              24988992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        688.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        683.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     688.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     683.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    36572061000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46656.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25138304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     24987840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1090229.835006762762                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 687362786.473461151123                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 683248612.569607377052                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       392786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       390453                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  10949867750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 897959127500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27877.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299788.01                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             383539380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             203856015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1404052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1018996200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2886964080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15283029240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1173834720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22354272075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.238322                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2926756250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1221035000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32424313750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             383560800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             203867400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1404887820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1019074500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2886964080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15278814090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1177390080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22354558770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.246161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2936057000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1221020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32415028000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           406089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               406089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          406091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              406091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         392914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             392914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        392914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            392914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30706038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30706038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30706038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30706038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.491755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.491754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78149.513634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78149.513634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78149.513634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78149.513634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        392914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       392914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29920212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29920212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29920212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29920212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76149.518724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76149.518724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76149.518724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76149.518724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     392727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       392679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           392679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30692646000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30692646000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         398046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.986517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78162.178268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78162.178268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       392679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29907290000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29907290000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986517                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986517                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76162.183361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76162.183361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.788164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                392727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.017190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.788164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.725735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.725735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1191918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1191918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        392798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            393513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           393513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28347509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28392855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28347509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28392855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          393671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         393671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72168.160225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72152.266888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72168.160225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72152.266888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27561915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27605831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27561915000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27605831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70168.165317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70152.271971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70168.165317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70152.271971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    393124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           393513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28347509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28392855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         393671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72168.160225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72152.266888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27561915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27605831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70168.165317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70152.271971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.444610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 785696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               393124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.970990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.605635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.867985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1179870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1179870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               393671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        392632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1178459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1179973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50274880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50323328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2356831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  36572105000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                55110782000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  55194                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34236344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    99563                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1013923332                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5411614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.055111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55110782000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            601594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5411614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      600959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      746172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        296260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3751628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         55110771                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   55110771                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2394611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       599499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5557322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5557322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10222504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4210106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      600915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1347086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     746171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4209874     75.72%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.02%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   600599     10.80%     86.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  745995     13.42%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5559740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        593409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       593409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36265397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  36302694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36265397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  36302694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       593512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       593512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61177.890503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61176.514006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61177.890503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61176.514006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       590453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           590453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       593409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       593409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35079825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35115876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35079825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35115876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59177.890503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59176.514006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59177.890503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59176.514006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                590492                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       593409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36265397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36302694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       593512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61177.890503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61176.514006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35079825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35115876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59177.890503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59176.514006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2905.099988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1180949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           590492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.134501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2315.965486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.070678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.088657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.089020                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1779436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1779436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3750871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3750871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3750871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3750871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3751628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3751628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3750871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3750871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3751628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.785639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.785639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3752385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3752385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              593409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             593409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       590453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1777271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1777271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1777271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     75767168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     75767168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                75767168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3545674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3140682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37938304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37978176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37788992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37788992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           592786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               593409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        590453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              590453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             723488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688400756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689124244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        723488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            723488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       685691450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             685691450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       685691450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            723488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688400756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1374815694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    590453.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    592786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         36902                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         36902                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1754520                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              553538                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       593409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      590453                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     593409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    590453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              37150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              37063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              37093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              37049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              37115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              37071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              37073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              37119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              37057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              37042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             37095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             37067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             37102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             37088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             37143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             37082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              36896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              36896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              36896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              36904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              36906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              36907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              36904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              36904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             36904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             36905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             36906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             36902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             36899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             36897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5420141000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16546559750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9133.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27883.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    512049                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   509596                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 593409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                590453                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   593408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   36903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   36903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   36902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       162186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.118000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.446856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.884046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           108      0.07%      0.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7129      4.40%      4.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14067      8.67%     13.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7074      4.36%     17.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       133784     82.49%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        162186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.080646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      15.476404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          36901    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          36902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.015617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             36901    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          36902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37978176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37787840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37978176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37788992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        685.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     685.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    55110738000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46551.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37938304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37787840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 723488.191475853208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688400756.135160684586                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 685670546.282576799393                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       592786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       590453                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16530025000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1357901645500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27885.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299762.46                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             579068280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             307751730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2118266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1541058840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4349807280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       23042755590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1758114720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33696823080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.437941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4382352250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1840020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  48888409750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             579032580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             307744140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2118673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1541011860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4349807280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23038184190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1761964320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33696417990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.430591                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4392420500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1840020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48878341500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           606089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               606089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          606091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              606091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         592914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             592914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        592914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            592914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46344715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46344715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46344715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46344715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1199003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1199003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1199005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1199005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.494506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.494505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78164.312194                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78164.312194                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78164.312194                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78164.312194                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          592632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                592632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        592914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       592914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45158889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45158889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45158889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45158889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76164.315567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76164.315567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76164.315567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76164.315567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     592727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          600722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              600722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       600957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          600957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       592679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           592679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46331323000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46331323000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       598046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         598046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78172.709004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78172.709004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       592679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45145967000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45145967000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76172.712379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76172.712379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.859423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  599478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                592727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.011390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.859423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1791918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1791918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        592798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            593513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           593513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42786186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42831532000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42786186000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42831532000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          593671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         593671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72176.670637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72166.122730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72176.670637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72166.122730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         592515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               592515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41600592000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41644508000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41600592000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41644508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70176.674010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70166.126100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70176.674010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70166.126100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    593124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           593513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42786186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42831532000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         593671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72176.670637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72166.122730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41600592000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41644508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70176.674010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70166.126100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.631437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1185696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               593124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.980749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.738295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.912393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1779870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1779870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               593671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              593670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        592632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1778459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1779973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     75874880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 75923328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3556831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  55110782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                73649477000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  64709                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34238720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   116664                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1191443388                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7211614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.073649                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 73649477000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            801594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7211614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      800959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      996172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        396260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5001628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         73649466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   73649466                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3194611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       799499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7407322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7407322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13622504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      800915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1797086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     996171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5609874     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   800599     10.80%     86.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  995995     13.44%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7409740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        793409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       793409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48504092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  48541389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48504092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  48541389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       793512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       793512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61181.822081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61180.789479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61181.822081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61180.789479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       790453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           790453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       793409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       793409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46918520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46954571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46918520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46954571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59181.822081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59180.789479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59181.822081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59180.789479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                790492                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       793409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48504092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48541389000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       793512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61181.822081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61180.789479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46918520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46954571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59181.822081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59180.789479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2908.095402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1580949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           790492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.352361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2318.743041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.070762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.088748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          973                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.089020                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2379436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2379436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5000871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5000871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5000871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5000871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5001628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5001628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5000871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5000871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5001628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.839597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.839597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5002385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5002385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              793409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             793409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       790453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2377271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2377271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2377271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    101367168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    101367168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               101367168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4745674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4199201500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        50738304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            50778176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     50588992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         50588992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           792786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               793409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        790453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              790453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             541375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688916012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689457387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        541375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            541375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       686888679                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             686888679                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       686888679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            541375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688916012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1376346067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    790453.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    792786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         49402                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         49402                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2346782                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              741038                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       793409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      790453                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     793409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    790453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              49654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              49567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              49597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              49553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              49619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              49575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              49577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              49621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              49553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              49538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             49591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             49563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             49598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             49584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             49639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             49580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              49400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              49400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              49400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              49408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              49410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              49407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              49400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              49400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              49401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              49400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             49400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             49401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             49402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             49402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             49403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             49401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7250316500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              22126735250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9138.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27888.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    684668                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   682215                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 793409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                790453                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   793408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   49403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   49403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   49402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       216948                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.208732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.639939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.690938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           108      0.05%      0.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9510      4.38%      4.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18829      8.68%     13.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9455      4.36%     17.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       179022     82.52%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        216948                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.060240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      13.375892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          49401    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          49402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.013497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             49401    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          49402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                50778176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 50587840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 50778176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              50588992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        686.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     686.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    73649433000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46499.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     50738304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     50587840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 541375.195373077760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688916012.261702775955                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 686873037.808537244797                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       792786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       790453                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  22110200500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1817845307500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27889.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299751.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             774525780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             411651240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2832052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2062996200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5813265120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       30800975430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2343735840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         45039202050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.534581                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5841427500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2459080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  65348969500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             774575760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             411666420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2832887820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2063074500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5813265120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       30798741030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2345617440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         45039828090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.543081                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5846370500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2459080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  65344026500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           806089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               806089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          806091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              806091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         792914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             792914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        792914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            792914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61983410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  61983410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61983410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  61983410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1599003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1599003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1599005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1599005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78171.668050                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78171.668050                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78171.668050                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78171.668050                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          792632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                792632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        792914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       792914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60397584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60397584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60397584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60397584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76171.670572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76171.670572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76171.670572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76171.670572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     792727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          800722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              800722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          800957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       792679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           792679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61970018000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61970018000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       798046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         798046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.993275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78177.948451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78177.948451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       792679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60384662000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60384662000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76177.950974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76177.950974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.894808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  799478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                792727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.008516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.894808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2391918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2391918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        792798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            793513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           793513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57224881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  57270227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57224881000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  57270227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          793671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         793671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72180.909891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72173.016699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72180.909891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72173.016699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         792515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               792515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55639287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55683203000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55639287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55683203000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70180.912414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70173.019220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70180.912414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70173.019220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    793124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           793513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57224881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57270227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         793671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72180.909891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72173.016699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55639287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55683203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70180.912414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70173.019220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.724210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1585696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               793124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.985595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.804170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.934445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2379870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2379870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               793671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              793670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        792632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2378459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2379973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    101474880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                101523328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4756831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  73649477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92188204000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  74805                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34241096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   134822                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1379216207                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9011614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092188                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92188204000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1001594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9011614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1000959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1246172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        496260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6251628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92188193                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92188193                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3994611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       999499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9257322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9257322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17022504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7010106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1000915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2247086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1246171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7009874     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1000599     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1245995     13.46%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9259740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        993409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       993409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60742819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  60780116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60742819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  60780116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       993512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       993512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61184.201832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.375629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61184.201832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.375629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       990453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           990453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       993409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       993409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58757247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58793298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58757247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58793298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59184.201832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.375629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59184.201832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.375629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                990492                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       993409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60742819000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  60780116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       993512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61184.201832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.375629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58757247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58793298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59184.201832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.375629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2909.886086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1980949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           990492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.482599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2320.403487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.070813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.088803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.089020                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2979436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2979436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.871854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.871854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6252385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6252385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              993409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             993409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       990453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2977271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2977271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2977271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    126967168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    126967168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               126967168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5945674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5257720750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        63538304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            63578176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     63388992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         63388992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           992786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               993409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        990453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              990453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             432507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689223797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689656304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        432507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            432507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       687604154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             687604154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       687604154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            432507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689223797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1377260457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    990453.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    992786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         61902                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         61902                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2939044                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              928538                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       993409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      990453                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     993409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    990453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              62150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              62063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              62093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              62049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              62115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              62071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              62073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              62119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              62057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              62042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             62095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             62067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             62102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             62088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             62143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             62082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              61896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              61896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              61896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              61904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              61906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              61907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              61904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              61904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              61905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              61904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             61904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             61905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             61906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             61902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             61899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             61897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    9080524250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              27706943000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9140.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27890.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    857287                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   854834                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 993409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                990453                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   993408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   61903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   61903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   61902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       271710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.262891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.755232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.575464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           108      0.04%      0.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11891      4.38%      4.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23591      8.68%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11836      4.36%     17.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       224260     82.54%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        271710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        61902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.048076                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      11.949306                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          61901    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          61902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        61902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.012058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             61901    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          61902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                63578176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 63387840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 63578176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              63388992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        687.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     687.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92188160000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46469.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     63538304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     63387840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 432506.527624727343                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689223797.005525827408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 687591657.605131387711                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       992786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       990453                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  27690408250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2277790889500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27891.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299746.57                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             970076100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             515577315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3546266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2585058840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7276722960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       38562130770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2926897440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56382730065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.604605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7294097750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3078140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  81815966250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             970026120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             515562135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3546673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2585011860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7276722960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       38557359870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2930915040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56382271605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.599632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7304603250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3078140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  81805460750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1006089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1006089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1006091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1006091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         992914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             992914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        992914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            992914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77622137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77622137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77622137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77622137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1999003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1999003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1999005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1999005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.496705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.496704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78176.092794                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78176.092794                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78176.092794                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78176.092794                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          992632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                992632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        992914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       992914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75636311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75636311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75636311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75636311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76176.094808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76176.094808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76176.094808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76176.094808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     992727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1000722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1000722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1000957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1000957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       992679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           992679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77608745000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77608745000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       998046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         998046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.994622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78181.108898                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78181.108898                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       992679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75623389000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75623389000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76181.110913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76181.110913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.915962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  999478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                992727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.915962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2991918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2991918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        992798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            993513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           993513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71663608000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  71708954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71663608000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  71708954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          993671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         993671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72183.473375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72177.167284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72183.473375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72177.167284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         992515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               992515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69678014000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69721930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69678014000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69721930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70183.475390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70177.169297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70183.475390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70177.169297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    993124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           993513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71663608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71708954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         993671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72183.473375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72177.167284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69678014000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69721930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70183.475390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70177.169297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.779671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1985696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               993124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.988492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.843551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.947628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2979870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2979870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               993671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              993670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        992632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2979973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    127074880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                127123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5956831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92188204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               110726911000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  83610                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34245536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   150659                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1542967501                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.110727                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                110726911000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1201594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1200959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1496172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        596260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7501628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        110726900                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  110726900                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4794611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1199499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11107322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11107322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20422504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8410106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1200915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2697086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1496171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8409874     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1200599     10.81%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1495995     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11109740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1193409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1193409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72981526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  73018823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72981526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  73018823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61185.766768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61185.078209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61185.766768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61185.078209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1190453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1190453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70595954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70632005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70595954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70632005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59185.766768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59185.078209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59185.766768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59185.078209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1190492                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1193409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72981526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73018823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61185.766768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61185.078209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70595954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70632005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59185.766768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59185.078209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2911.077149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2380949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1190492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.569226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2321.507923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.070847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.088839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.089020                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          3579436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         3579436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.893309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.893309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7502385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7502385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1190453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3577271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3577271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3577271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    152567168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    152567168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               152567168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7145674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         6316240250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        76338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            76378176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     76188992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         76188992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1192786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1193409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1190453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1190453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             360093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689428643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689788736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        360093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            360093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688080172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688080172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688080172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            360093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689428643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1377868908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1190453.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1192786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         74402                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         74402                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              3531306                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1116038                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1193409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1190453                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1193409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1190453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              74654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              74567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              74597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              74619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              74575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              74577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              74621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              74538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             74591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             74563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             74598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             74584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             74639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             74580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              74400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              74400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              74400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              74408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              74410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              74407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              74400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              74400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              74401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              74400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             74400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             74401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             74402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             74402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             74403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             74401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   10910711750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  5967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              33287130500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9142.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27892.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1029906                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1027453                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1193409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1190453                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1193408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   74403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   74403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   74402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       326472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.298880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.831863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.498643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           108      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14272      4.37%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28353      8.68%     13.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14217      4.35%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       269498     82.55%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        326472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.039999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      10.899403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          74401    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          74402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010998                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             74401    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          74402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                76378176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 76187840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 76378176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              76188992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   110726867000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46448.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     76338304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76187840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 360093.130386343051                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689428643.051371693611                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688069768.333011627197                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1190453                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  33270595750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2737736945500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27893.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299743.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1165526460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             619473030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4260052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3106996200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      8740180800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       46321290540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3511731360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         67725250830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.642194                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8751122750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3697200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  98278588250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1165576440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             619488210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4260887820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3107074500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      8740180800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       46318105950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3514413120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         67725726840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.646493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8758150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3697200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  98271561000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93260844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93260844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93260844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93260844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78179.017096                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78179.017096                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78179.017096                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78179.017096                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90875018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90875018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90875018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90875018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76179.018773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76179.018773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76179.018773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76179.018773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1192727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93247452000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  93247452000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78183.192628                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78183.192628                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90862096000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  90862096000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76183.194305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76183.194305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.930032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1199478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1192727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.005660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.930032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3591918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3591918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1192798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1193513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1193513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86102315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  86147661000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86102315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  86147661000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1193671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1193671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72185.160438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72179.910064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72185.160438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72179.910064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83716721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  83760637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83716721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83760637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70185.162115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70179.911740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70185.162115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70179.911740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1193124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1193513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86102315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86147661000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1193671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72185.160438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72179.910064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83716721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83760637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70185.162115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70179.911740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.816560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2385696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1193124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.990418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.869745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.956397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              3579870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             3579870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1193671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1193670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1192632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3578459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 3579973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    152674880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                152723328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           7156831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          5964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 110726911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               129265567000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  91555                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34248044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   164950                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    76.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1690695451                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12611612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.129266                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                129265567000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1401594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12611612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1400958                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1746171                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        696260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8751627                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        129265567                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  129265567                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5594611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1399499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12957320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12957320                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23822496                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9810104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1400914                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3147085                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1746171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9809873     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1400598     10.81%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1745995     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12959738                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1393409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1393409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85220199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  85257496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85220199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  85257496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61186.857852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61186.267636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61186.857852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61186.267636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1390453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1390453                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82434627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  82470678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82434627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  82470678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59186.857852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59186.267636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59186.857852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59186.267636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1390492                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1393409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85220199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85257496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61186.857852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61186.267636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82434627000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82470678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59186.857852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59186.267636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2911.926576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2786027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1393409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.631005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2322.295571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.070871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.088865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.089020                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          4179436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         4179436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8750870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8750870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8750870                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8750870                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8751627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8751627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8750870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8750870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8751627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.908610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8751627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11560.933950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.908610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8752384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8752384                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1390453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4177271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4177271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4177271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    178167168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    178167168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               178167168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8345674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7374759000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        89138304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            89178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     88988992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         88988992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1392786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1393409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1390453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1390453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             308450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689575005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689883455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        308450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            308450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688419925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688419925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688419925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            308450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689575005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1378303381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1390453.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1392786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         86902                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         86902                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              4123568                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1303538                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1393409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1390453                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1393409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1390453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              87150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              87063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              87093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              87049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              87115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              87071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              87073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              87119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              87057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              87042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             87095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             87067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             87102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             87088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             87143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             87082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              86896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              86896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              86896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              86904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              86906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              86907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              86904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              86904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              86905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              86904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             86904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             86905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             86906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             86902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             86899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             86897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   12740866000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  6967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              38867284750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9143.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27893.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1202525                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1200072                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1393409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1390453                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1393408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   86903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   86903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   86902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       381236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.324765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.886801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.443625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           108      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16653      4.37%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33115      8.69%     13.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16598      4.35%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       314738     82.56%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        381236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        86902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.034245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000996                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      10.085098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          86901    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          86902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        86902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             86901    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          86902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                89178176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 88987840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 89178176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              88988992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   129265540000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46433.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     89138304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     88987840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 308450.277404500172                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689575004.919910311699                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688411013.584151148796                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1390453                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  38850750000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3197679444500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27894.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299739.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1361076780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             723399105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4974266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3629058840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      10203638640.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       54081463200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4095693120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         79068596325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.675624                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10205877250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   4316260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 114743429750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1361026800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             723391515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4974673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3629011860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      10203638640.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       54077331270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4099172640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         79068246345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.672916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10214981000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   4316260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 114734326000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1406088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1406088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1406090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1406090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1392913                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1392913                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108899517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108899517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108899517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108899517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2799001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2799001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2799003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2799003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78181.133351                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78181.133351                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78181.133351                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78181.133351                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1392913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106113691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 106113691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106113691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 106113691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76181.133351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76181.133351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76181.133351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76181.133351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1392727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1400721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1400721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1400956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1400956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1392678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108886125000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108886125000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1398045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1398045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.996161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78184.709603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78184.709603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1392678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106100769000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 106100769000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996161                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996161                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76184.709603                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76184.709603                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.940067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2799003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1392913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.009460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.940067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4191916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4191916                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1393512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100540988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 100586334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100540988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 100586334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1393670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1393670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72186.390407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72181.892944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72186.390407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72181.892944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97755394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97799310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97755394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97799310000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70186.390407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70181.892944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70186.390407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70181.892944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1393124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1393512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100540988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100586334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1393670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72186.390407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72181.892944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97755394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97799310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70186.390407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70181.892944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.842868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2786302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1393567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.991793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.888425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.962650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.531032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              4179869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             4179869                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1392632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4178458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 4179972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    178274880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                178323328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           8356830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          6964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 129265567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
