
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6542537000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  78088                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34217468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   130283                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              510851890                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000050                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006543                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6542537000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            148314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      161924                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      367258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1335853                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6542526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6542526                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               897152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              778518                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       111281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 271916                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        271916                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               268592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                7053                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       32285                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1663090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1663090                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3550379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1145575                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      161898                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        529154                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     367256                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   924      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1133677     67.92%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.19%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.05%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.02%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     483      0.03%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 274      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                137      0.01%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   159718      9.57%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  102820      6.16%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2180      0.13%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436     15.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1669072                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1387                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1224                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2611                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34404                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35198                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2083765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2132743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2083765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2132743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        37809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        37809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.364053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.930942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.364053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.930942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61685.138539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60567.521218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60592.732542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61685.138539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60567.521218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60592.732542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        26106                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            26106                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2014957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2062347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2014957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2062347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.364053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.364053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.138539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58567.521218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58592.732542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.138539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58567.521218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58592.732542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 27269                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2083765000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2132743000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        37809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.364053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.930942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61685.138539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60567.521218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60592.732542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2014957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2062347000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.364053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.138539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58567.521218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58592.732542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6694.178703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              53730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            27269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.970369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    35.733575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   142.043513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6516.401615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.795459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.817160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           107775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          107775                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    138438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    138438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25239.380128                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25239.380128                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25239.380128                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25239.380128                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23239.380128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23239.380128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23239.380128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23239.380128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       5251                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138438000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    138438000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25239.380128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25239.380128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23239.380128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23239.380128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               231.266775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  255412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  5251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 48.640640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   231.266775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.903386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.903386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1341338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1341338                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        96502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        96502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  96502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3923456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3923456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3923456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           165728000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185402000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2201856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2252672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1670784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1670784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         26106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               26106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7767018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          336544677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              344311694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7767018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7767018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       255372495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             255372495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       255372495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7767018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         336544677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             599684190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     26106.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       794.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34401.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002913304500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1625                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1625                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                96533                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               24537                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35198                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       26106                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35198                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     26106                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     301919750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                961826000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8578.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27328.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31798                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    24189                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35198                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 26106                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     740.963537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    578.885129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    362.082938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           388      7.33%      7.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          411      7.76%     15.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          481      9.09%     24.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          240      4.53%     28.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          232      4.38%     33.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          304      5.74%     38.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      2.61%     41.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          216      4.08%     45.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2883     54.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.654154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.292431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     198.447862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           1623     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.052308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.049258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.325964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1583     97.42%     97.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.06%     97.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                40      2.46%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2252480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1669440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2252672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1670784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        344.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        255.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     344.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     255.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          4.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6392522000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      104275.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2201664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1669440                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7767017.595773627050                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 336515330.368020832539                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 255167070.511026531458                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          794                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34404                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        26106                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22507250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    939318750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 109296212250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28346.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27302.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4186631.89                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17193120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9138360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121487100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            65443140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      516297600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1068927840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1612184640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3410671800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         521.307224                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4165000750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    218400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2159136250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20598900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10948575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129805200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            70720560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      516297600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1764543300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1026403200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3539317335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         540.970167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2635288250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    218400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3688848750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2715528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2715528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2749092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2749092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69623.567418                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69623.567418                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69699.609553                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69699.609553                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2637524000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2637524000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2670210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2670210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67623.618696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67623.618696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67699.660261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67699.660261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      39185                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96153000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96153000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20002.704389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20002.704389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     86541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18003.120449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18003.120449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2619375000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2619375000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76598.871213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76598.871213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2550983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2550983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74598.871213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74598.871213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.940481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  509048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 39185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 12.990889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.940481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                568095                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               568095                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             37810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            37810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2478121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2553864000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2478121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2553864000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           44927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          44927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.841587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34728.564878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69553.481714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67544.670722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34728.564878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69553.481714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67544.670722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2406865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2478246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2406865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2478246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32728.564878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67553.537848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65544.723618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32728.564878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67553.537848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65544.723618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38916                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            37810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75743000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2478121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2553864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          44927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34728.564878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69553.481714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67544.670722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2406865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2478246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32728.564878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67553.537848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65544.723618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.849867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.009199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    38.933531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    25.701286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   437.215051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.076042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.050198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.853936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120299                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                44927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               44926                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       114827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  125797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4824640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       351040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5175680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            27425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            224647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           197205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6542537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10265354000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100999                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   161008                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              518306091                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010265                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10265354000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            255920                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      467884                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      501176                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2654204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10265343                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10265343                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1751771                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1639958                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       174997                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 274220                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        274220                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               271664                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                8973                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       73502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3180344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3180344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7038725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2420537                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467859                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        969033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     501174                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1872      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2211626     69.34%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.10%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.03%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     69.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     867      0.03%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1042      0.03%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                521      0.02%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   464911     14.58%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  236738      7.42%     91.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2948      0.09%     91.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      8.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3189384                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8252                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2455                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10707                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34441                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35235                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2086569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2135547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2086569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2135547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        45942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        45942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61685.138539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60583.868064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60608.684547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61685.138539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60583.868064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60608.684547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        26142                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            26142                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2017687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2065077000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2017687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2065077000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.138539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58583.868064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58608.684547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.138539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58583.868064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58608.684547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 27306                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2086569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2135547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        45942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61685.138539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60583.868064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60608.684547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2017687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2065077000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.138539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58583.868064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58608.684547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7237.376199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              53803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            27306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.970373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.370721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   104.344356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7061.661122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.008712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.012737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.862019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           116304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          116304                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    268873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    268873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21769.330419                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21769.330419                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21769.330419                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21769.330419                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19769.492349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19769.492349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19769.492349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19769.492349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      12116                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    268873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21769.330419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21769.330419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19769.492349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19769.492349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.258002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  491126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 12116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.535325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.258002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.907258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.907258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2666554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2666554                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        96612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        96612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  96612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3928128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3928128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3928128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           165945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185609250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2204224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2255040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1673088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1673088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         26142                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               26142                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4950243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          214724597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              219674840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4950243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4950243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       162983956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             162983956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       162983956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4950243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         214724597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             382658796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     26142.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       794.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34438.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007405012500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1627                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1627                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                97599                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               24571                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35235                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       26142                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35235                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     26142                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     302786750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                963386750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8594.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27344.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31798                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    24219                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35235                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 26142                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     735.868066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    569.619234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    365.312981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           426      7.98%      7.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          413      7.74%     15.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          482      9.03%     24.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          240      4.50%     29.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          232      4.35%     33.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          305      5.72%     39.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      2.59%     41.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          217      4.07%     45.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2883     54.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.650891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.295483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     198.325803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           1625     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.054702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.051521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.332839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1583     97.30%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.06%     97.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                42      2.58%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2254848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1671744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2255040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1673088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        219.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        162.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     219.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     162.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10140847000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      165222.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2204032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1671744                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4950243.313576910645                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 214705893.240505874157                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 162853029.715292811394                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          794                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34441                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        26142                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22507250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    940879500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 184614641250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28346.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27318.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7061993.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17471580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9286365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121744140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            65578860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      810095520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1152216810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2971608480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5148001755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.492862                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7698076000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    342680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2224598000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20627460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10963755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129812340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            70772760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      810095520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1820603940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2408756160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5271631935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.536302                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6228550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    342680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3694124000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2791370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2791370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2824934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2824934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64113.418163                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64113.418163                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64236.623690                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64236.623690                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2704294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2704294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2736980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2736980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62113.418163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62113.418163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62236.623690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62236.623690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43721                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18262.041091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18262.041091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16262.041091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16262.041091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2628710000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2628710000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75906.268950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75906.268950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2559448000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559448000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73906.268950                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73906.268950                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.412700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  926116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.182407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.412700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1012509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1012509                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         36896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             45943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            45943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2497335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2662323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2497335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2662323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           56328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          56328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.815633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18236.763568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67685.792498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57948.392573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18236.763568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67685.792498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57948.392573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146896000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2423543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2570439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2423543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2570439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16236.984636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65685.792498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55948.436106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16236.984636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65685.792498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55948.436106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47359                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            45943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2497335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2662323000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          56328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18236.763568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67685.792498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57948.392573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2423543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2570439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16236.984636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65685.792498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55948.436106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.530898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.868473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    60.929443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    21.995842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   422.605614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.119003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.042961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.825402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140648                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                56328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               56327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       124403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  149104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5147264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       790400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5937664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            61750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            238573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           219885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10265354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13992670000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110072                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   172789                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              513343890                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000297                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013993                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13992670000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      774022                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      634790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3971831                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13992659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13992659                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2609286                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2501190                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       239375                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276614                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276614                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               274856                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      114614                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4698256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4698256                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10526373                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3695864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      773997                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1408785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     634788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2811      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3290333     69.85%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.07%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.02%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1266      0.03%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1840      0.04%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                920      0.02%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   770251     16.35%     86.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  370352      7.86%     94.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3746      0.08%     94.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      5.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4710378                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15104                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3443                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18547                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34538                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35332                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2093612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2142590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2093612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2142590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        53879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        53879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.655766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.655766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61685.138539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60617.638543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60641.627986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61685.138539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60617.638543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60641.627986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        26231                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            26231                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2024536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2024536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.138539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58617.638543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58641.627986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.138539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58617.638543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58641.627986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 27459                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2093612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2142590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        53879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.655766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61685.138539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60617.638543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60641.627986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2024536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071926000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.138539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58617.638543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58641.627986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7491.665378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              54054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            27459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.968535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.139021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.671790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7316.854567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.010759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.893171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.914510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           124676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          124676                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    399061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    399061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20781.180024                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20781.180024                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20781.180024                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20781.180024                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360657000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360657000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18781.284174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18781.284174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18781.284174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18781.284174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18968                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    399061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20781.180024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20781.180024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360657000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360657000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18781.284174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18781.284174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.722029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  726378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.294918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.722029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.909070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3991033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3991033                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        96895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        96895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  96895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3940032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3940032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3940032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           166487000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186140500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2210432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2261248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1678784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1678784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         26231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               26231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3631616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          157970709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              161602325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3631616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3631616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       119975959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             119975959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       119975959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3631616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         157970709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             281578283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     26178.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       794.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34533.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007405012500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1629                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1629                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                98836                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               24605                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35332                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       26231                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35332                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     26231                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     53                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     304821250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                967202500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8628.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27378.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31824                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    24251                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35332                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 26231                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     727.486781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    555.468573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    370.300545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           474      8.76%      8.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          436      8.06%     16.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          482      8.91%     25.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          240      4.44%     30.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          232      4.29%     34.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          305      5.64%     40.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      2.55%     42.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          217      4.01%     46.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2885     53.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.682627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.312021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     198.208709                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           1627     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.057090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.053779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.339542                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1583     97.18%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.06%     97.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                44      2.70%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2260928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1674048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2261248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1678784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        161.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        119.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     161.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     119.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13900181000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      225787.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2210112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1674048                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3631615.695932227187                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 157947839.833284139633                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 119637495.917505368590                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          794                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34538                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        26231                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22507250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    944695250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 271945125250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28346.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27352.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  10367318.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17992800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9563400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122422440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            65766780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1104508080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1319027310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4262425440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6901706250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.237263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11051967500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    467220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2473482500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20627460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10963755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129812340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            70772760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1104508080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1874390850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3794750880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7005826125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.678293                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9831326000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    467220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3694124000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2874144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2874144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2907708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2907708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59496.232508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59496.232508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59648.963013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59648.963013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2777528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2777528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2810214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2810214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57496.232508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57496.232508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57648.963013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57648.963013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      48491                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    231695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17858.409126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17858.409126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15858.409126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15858.409126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2642449000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2642449000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74784.881417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74784.881417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2571781000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2571781000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72784.881417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72784.881417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.101895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1368649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 48491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.224805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.101895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1457031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1457031                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             53880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            53880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2518289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2772353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2518289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2772353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.792936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15979.872948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66303.915115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51454.213066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15979.872948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66303.915115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51454.213066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2442327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2664595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2442327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2664595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13979.998742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64303.915115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49454.250186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13979.998742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64303.915115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49454.250186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55517                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            53880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2518289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2772353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15979.872948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66303.915115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51454.213066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2442327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2664595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13979.998742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64303.915115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49454.250186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.254114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  99955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.800440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.049240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.376572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   415.828302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.140721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.812165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               161173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              161173                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       134688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        38405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  173093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5500224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1228928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6729152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            96010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            253920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           243735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13992670000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17756552000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116014                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   180694                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              514994928                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017757                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17756552000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            472895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1079986                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      767985                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5289764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17756541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17756541                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3466072                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3361292                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       304755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 277652                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        277652                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               276240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      155585                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6215936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6215936                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14013525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4971201                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1079961                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1847944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     767983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3862      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4369735     70.13%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.05%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1439      0.02%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2186      0.04%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1093      0.02%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1075869     17.27%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  503547      8.08%     95.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4092      0.07%     95.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      4.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6230682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        21936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        21936                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5383                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27319                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34576                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35371                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2096372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2145430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2096372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2145430000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        62690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        62690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.564221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.564221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61708.176101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60630.842203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60655.056402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61708.176101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60630.842203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60655.056402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        26267                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            26267                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2027220000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2074688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2027220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2074688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59708.176101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58630.842203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58655.056402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59708.176101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58630.842203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58655.056402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 27498                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        21936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2096372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2145430000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        62690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.564221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61708.176101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60630.842203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60655.056402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2027220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2074688000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59708.176101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58630.842203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58655.056402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7640.116320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              56823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            27498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.066441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    98.072210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    76.176644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7465.867467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.011972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.911361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.932631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           133749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          133749                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528966000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    528966000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528966000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    528966000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20316.715317                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20316.715317                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20316.715317                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20316.715317                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476896000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    476896000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    476896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18316.792134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18316.792134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18316.792134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18316.792134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      25801                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    528966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20316.715317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20316.715317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18316.792134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18316.792134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.992922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  960962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 25801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.245146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.992922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315799                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        97009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        97009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  97009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3944832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3944832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3944832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           166706000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186359750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2212864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2263744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1681088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1681088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         26267                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               26267                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2865421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          124622393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              127487814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2865421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2865421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        94674236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              94674236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        94674236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2865421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         124622393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             222162050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     26214.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       795.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34571.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007405012500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1631                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1631                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                99916                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               24639                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35371                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       26267                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35371                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     26267                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     53                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     305618750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                968731250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8641.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27391.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31824                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    24283                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35371                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 26267                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     722.629494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    546.776496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    373.270561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           513      9.41%      9.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          438      8.03%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          482      8.84%     26.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          240      4.40%     30.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          232      4.26%     34.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          305      5.59%     40.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      2.53%     43.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          217      3.98%     47.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2887     52.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.679951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.315532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     198.087093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           1629     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.059473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.056032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.346083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1583     97.06%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.06%     97.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                46      2.82%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2263424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1676352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2263744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1681088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        127.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         94.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     127.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      94.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17706867000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      287271.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2212544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1676352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2865421.169605450705                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 124604371.389220178127                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 94407517.855944111943                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          795                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34576                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        26267                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22553500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    946177750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 359070502250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28369.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27365.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  13670023.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18278400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9715200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122679480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            65954700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1401379200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1404261120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5635980480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8658248580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         487.608663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14621735000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    592800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2542017000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20648880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10975140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129833760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            70772760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1401379200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1933150440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5190600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8757360180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.190355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13459665500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    592800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3704086500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3000225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3000225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3033789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3033789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53568.750335                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53568.750335                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53746.749105                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53746.749105                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2888211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2888211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2920897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2920897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51568.750335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51568.750335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51746.749105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51746.749105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56190                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346458000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    346458000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17237.574009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17237.574009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    306260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15237.574009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15237.574009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2653767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2653767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73904.617355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73904.617355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2581951000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2581951000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71904.617355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71904.617355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.504239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1761194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.343549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.504239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1903889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1903889                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         39959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             62691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            62691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2546687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2889658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2546687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2889658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           82482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          82482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.760057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15087.585782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63732.500813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46093.665757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15087.585782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63732.500813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46093.665757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2466769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2764278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2466769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2764278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13087.673764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61732.500813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44093.697660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13087.673764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61732.500813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44093.697660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64492                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            62691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2546687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2889658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          82482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15087.585782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63732.500813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46093.665757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2466769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2764278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13087.673764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61732.500813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44093.697660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.260106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.755753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.535102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.225991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   414.499013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.151436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.809568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               185279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              185279                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                82482                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               82481                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       150685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  202756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6031296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1666240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7697536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           130175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            271447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           282230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17756552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21508022000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120158                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   186292                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              516855155                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000153                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021508                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21508022000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            582428                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1386402                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      901082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6607650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21508011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21508011                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4325694                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4222118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 278396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        278396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               277232                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12453                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      196550                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7735467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7735467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17502796                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6247854                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1386377                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2287457                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     901080                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4938      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5450703     70.31%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.04%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1563      0.02%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2434      0.03%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1217      0.02%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1382037     17.83%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636644      8.21%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4340      0.06%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7752735                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28759                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7187                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35946                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34668                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35463                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2100264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2149322000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2100264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2149322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        71409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        71409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.496618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.496618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61708.176101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60582.208377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60607.450018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61708.176101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60582.208377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60607.450018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        26347                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            26347                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2030928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2030928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59708.176101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58582.208377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58607.450018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59708.176101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58582.208377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58607.450018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 27663                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2100264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2149322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        71409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.496618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61708.176101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60582.208377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60607.450018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2030928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59708.176101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58582.208377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58607.450018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7736.376919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              57016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            27663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.061092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   104.672646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    69.343379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7562.360894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.012777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.008465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.923140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.944382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           142818                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          142818                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    658603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    658603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20043.306248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20043.306248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20043.306248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20043.306248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    592887000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    592887000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    592887000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    592887000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18043.367114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18043.367114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18043.367114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18043.367114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      32624                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    658603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20043.306248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20043.306248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    592887000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    592887000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18043.367114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18043.367114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.168579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1195234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 32624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.636648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.168579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6640508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6640508                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        97273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        97273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  97273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3955840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3955840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3955840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           167198000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186839250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2218752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2269632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1686208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1686208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         26347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               26347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2365629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          103159277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              105524906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2365629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2365629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        78399027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              78399027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        78399027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2365629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         103159277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             183923933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     26245.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       795.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34608.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007405012500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1633                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1633                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               101034                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               24673                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35463                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       26347                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35463                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     26347                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      60                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    102                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     306311500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                970117750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8652.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27402.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31824                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    24315                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35463                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 26347                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     718.324531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    539.222612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    375.806626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           548      9.98%      9.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          440      8.01%     17.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          482      8.78%     26.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          240      4.37%     31.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          232      4.23%     35.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          305      5.55%     40.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      2.51%     43.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          218      3.97%     47.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2888     52.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1633                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.675444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.317496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     197.965720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           1631     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1633                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.061849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.058280                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.352471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1583     96.94%     96.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.06%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                48      2.94%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2265792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1678656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2269632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1686208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        105.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         78.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     105.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      78.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21506495000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      347945.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2214912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1678656                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2365628.973226826638                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 102980739.000545933843                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 78047902.312913745642                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          795                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34668                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        26347                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22553500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    947564250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 444610266250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28369.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27332.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  16875176.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18392640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9775920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122772300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            66126960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1697635680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1468127910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7022762400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10405593810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.800594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18226293250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    718120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2563608750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20827380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11062425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130005120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            70788420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1697635680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2005445250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6570284640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10506048915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.471181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17045780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    718120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3744122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3111492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3111492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3145056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3145056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49647.242788                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49647.242788                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49833.721538                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49833.721538                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2986148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2986148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3018834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3018834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47647.242788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47647.242788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47833.721538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47833.721538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62855                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    450577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17026.678759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17026.678759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15026.678759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15026.678759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2660915000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2660915000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73487.668812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73487.668812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2588497000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2588497000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71487.668812                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71487.668812                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.765133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2226705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.426060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.765133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2350067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2350067                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             71410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            71410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431670000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2575043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3006713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2575043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3006713000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           95970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          95970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.744087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14605.650482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61522.948274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42104.929282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14605.650482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61522.948274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42104.929282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372562000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2491333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2863895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372562000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2491333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2863895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12605.718153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59522.948274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40104.957289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12605.718153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59522.948274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40104.957289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73358                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            71410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431670000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2575043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3006713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          95970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14605.650482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61522.948274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42104.929282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2491333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2863895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12605.718153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59522.948274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40104.957289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.912426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 124890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                73358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.702473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.300309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.932942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.679175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.158790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.807967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               207939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              207939                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                95970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               95969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38099                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       164321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  230038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6477440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2102912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           164290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            286465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           315555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21508022000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25251336000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123477                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   190837                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              519642889                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025251                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25251336000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1692486                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1034345                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7925772                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25251325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25251325                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5184053                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5082588                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       436090                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 280166                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        280166                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               279592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               13928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9253841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9253841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20990747                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7523633                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1692461                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2726804                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1034343                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  5934      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6530422     70.42%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1858      0.02%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3024      0.03%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1512      0.02%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1687531     18.20%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  769907      8.30%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4930      0.05%     97.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9273977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        35544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         8565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        35544                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         8565                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44109                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34739                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35583                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2103559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2155639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2103559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2155639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        79692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        79692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.446507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.446507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61706.161137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60553.239874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60580.586235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61706.161137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60553.239874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60580.586235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        26457                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            26457                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2034081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2084473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2034081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2084473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59706.161137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58553.239874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58580.586235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59706.161137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58553.239874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58580.586235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 27891                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        35544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         8565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2103559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2155639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        79692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.446507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61706.161137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60553.239874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60580.586235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2034081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2084473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59706.161137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58553.239874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58580.586235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7803.919494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              70554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            27891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.529633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.440393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    64.545739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7628.933361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.013481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.931266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8097                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           151785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          151785                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    791373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    791373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19937.344116                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19937.344116                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19937.344116                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19937.344116                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    711989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    711989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    711989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    711989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17937.394503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17937.394503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17937.394503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17937.394503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39458                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    791373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19937.344116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19937.344116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    711989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    711989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17937.394503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17937.394503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.291830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1429868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.237721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.291830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7965464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7965464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        97623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        97623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  97623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3970560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3970560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3970560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           167868000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          187476750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2223296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2277312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1693248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1693248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         26457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               26457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2139134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           88046668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90185802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2139134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2139134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        67055779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              67055779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        67055779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2139134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          88046668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             157241581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     26289.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       844.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009268418750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1635                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1635                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               102280                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               24707                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35583                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       26457                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35583                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     26457                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      93                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     307329750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                972767250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8659.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27409.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31850                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    24345                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35583                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 26457                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     710.848921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    527.677333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    379.591485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           589     10.59%     10.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          464      8.35%     18.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          484      8.71%     27.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          241      4.33%     31.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          232      4.17%     36.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          305      5.49%     41.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      2.48%     44.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          219      3.94%     48.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2888     51.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1635                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.702141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.333267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     197.847858                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           1633     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1635                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.064220                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.060522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.358715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1583     96.82%     96.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.06%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                50      3.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2271360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1680960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2277312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1693248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         89.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         66.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      67.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25086630000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      404362.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2217344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1680960                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2139134.341248320416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87810957.804371222854                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 66569151.034226469696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          844                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34739                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        26457                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23940500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    948826750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 523707817250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28365.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27313.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  19794678.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18399780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9779715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122772300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            66132180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1993277520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1524487800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8412733920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12147583215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.066951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21839383500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    843180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2568772500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21298620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11320485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130626300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            70971120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1993277520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2159205030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7878235200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12264934275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.714272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20444619250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    843180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3963536750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3209916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3209916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3243480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3243480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46766.554482                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46766.554482                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46955.237709                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46955.237709                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3072642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3072642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3105328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3105328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44766.554482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44766.554482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44955.237709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44955.237709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68820                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538008000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    538008000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16889.279548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16889.279548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14889.279548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14889.279548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2671908000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2671908000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72641.726932                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72641.726932                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2598344000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2598344000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70641.726932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70641.726932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.948192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2652162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.537663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.948192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2795379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2795379                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           25772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               29076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              29076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         36389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             79693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            79693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2597033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3120469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2597033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3120469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          108769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         108769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14384.456841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59972.127286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39156.124126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14384.456841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59972.127286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39156.124126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2510425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2510425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12384.511803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57972.127286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37156.149223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12384.511803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57972.127286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37156.149223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82063                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              29076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            79693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2597033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3120469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         108769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14384.456841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59972.127286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39156.124126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2510425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12384.511803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57972.127286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37156.149223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.370134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 138203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.684109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    83.100190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.311291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.958654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.162305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.808513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230029                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               108769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              108768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       176837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        79385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  256222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6896704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2540288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9436992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           198460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            302194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           345380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25251336000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28998951000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126863                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   195632                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              525552662                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028999                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28998951000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            799734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1998708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1167838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9242973                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28998951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28998951                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6042247                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5943722                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       500969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 282128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        282128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               282208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      278630                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10772039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10772039                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            24478217                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8799120                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1998682                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3166518                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1167836                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6917      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7609551     70.49%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2185      0.02%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3678      0.03%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1839      0.02%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1993098     18.46%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  903400      8.37%     97.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                5584      0.05%     97.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10795111                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           52505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42390                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10115                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          52505                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34846                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35690                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2108472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2160552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2108472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2160552000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        88195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.404671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.404671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61706.161137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60508.293635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60536.620902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61706.161137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60508.293635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60536.620902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        26571                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            26571                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2038780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2089172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2038780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2089172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59706.161137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58508.293635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58536.620902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59706.161137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58508.293635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58536.620902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 28099                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          52505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2108472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2160552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.404671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61706.161137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60508.293635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60536.620902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2038780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2089172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59706.161137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58508.293635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58536.620902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7854.072216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             124538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            36291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.431650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.149999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    60.985927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7676.936290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.937126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8097                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           160829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          160829                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    921447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    921447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19799.883966                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19799.883966                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19799.883966                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19799.883966                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    828371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    828371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17799.883966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17799.883966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17799.883966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17799.883966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      46304                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    921447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19799.883966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19799.883966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17799.883966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17799.883966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.383349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9242973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 46538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                198.611307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.383349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9289511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9289511                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        97951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        97951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  97951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3984704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3984704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3984704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           168545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          188040000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2230144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2284160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1700544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1700544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         26571                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               26571                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1862688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76904299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               78766987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1862688                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1862688                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        58641569                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              58641569                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        58641569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1862688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76904299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             137408557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     26365.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       844.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34704.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009268418750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1639                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1639                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               103472                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               24775                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35690                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       26571                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35690                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     26571                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     308086000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                974611000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8666.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27416.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31853                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    24409                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35690                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 26571                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     704.364218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.183281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    382.880681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           639     11.36%     11.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          469      8.34%     19.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          487      8.66%     28.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          242      4.30%     32.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          233      4.14%     36.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          305      5.42%     42.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      2.47%     44.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          220      3.91%     48.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2889     51.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.683344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.325818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     197.606574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           1637     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.068944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.064991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.370797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1583     96.58%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.06%     96.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                54      3.29%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2275072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1685568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2284160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1700544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         58.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      78.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      58.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28932435000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      464695.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2221056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1685568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1862688.067578720395                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76590908.409066244960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 58125137.009266301990                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          844                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34846                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        26571                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23940500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    950670500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 616999591250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28365.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27282.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  23220789.25                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18399780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9779715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122772300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            66132180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2288919360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1578499290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9806334720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13890837345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.011718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25461938500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    968240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2568772500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21748440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11559570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            131040420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            71346960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2288919360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2280929100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9214814880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14020358730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.478134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23918137500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    968240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4112573500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3317318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3317318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3350882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3350882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44206.151222                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44206.151222                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44393.714975                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44393.714975                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3167234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3167234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3199920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3199920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42206.151222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42206.151222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42393.714975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42393.714975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      75225                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    628386000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    628386000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16846.809651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16846.809651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14846.809651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14846.809651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2688932000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2688932000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71245.085051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71245.085051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2613448000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2613448000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69245.085051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69245.085051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.084120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3166018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 75481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.944569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.084120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3241499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3241499                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               33824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              33824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         43234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         44961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             88195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            88195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2623273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3235707000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2623273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3235707000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          122019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         122019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.722797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14165.564139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58345.521674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36688.100232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14165.564139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58345.521674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36688.100232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    525966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2533351000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3059317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    525966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2533351000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3059317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12165.564139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56345.521674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34688.100232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12165.564139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56345.521674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34688.100232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90802                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              33824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            88195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2623273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3235707000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         122019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14165.564139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58345.521674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36688.100232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    525966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2533351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3059317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12165.564139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56345.521674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34688.100232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.709999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 161741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.771262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.142911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    11.080850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   416.486238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.021642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.813450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               253055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              253055                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39722                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       190684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        93076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  283760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7372992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10351424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           232690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            320629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           377405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28998951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
