
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3908630000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 103685                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34230736                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   196099                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              405240797                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003909                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3908630000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238611                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      245397                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            52                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      142936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            64                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1298739                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3908619                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3908619                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1102429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              577236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       175136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   7373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          7373                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                11135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5646                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       47413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1884136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1884136                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3636587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1503064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      245357                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        388279                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     142922                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2746      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1495081     79.04%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       33      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     128      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1860      0.10%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      270      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1290      0.07%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1614      0.09%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  34      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   243786     12.89%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142442      7.53%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1571      0.08%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                480      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891436                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            7151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4322                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2829                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           7151                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1949                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1697                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3646                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    222272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    222272000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.374945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.337686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.374945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.337686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62094.920472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59663.523866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60963.247394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62094.920472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59663.523866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60963.247394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           85                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               85                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.374945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.374945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60094.920472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57663.523866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58963.247394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60094.920472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57663.523866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58963.247394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1034                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           7151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222272000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.374945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.337686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62094.920472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59663.523866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60963.247394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97855000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.374945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60094.920472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57663.523866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58963.247394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1614.753230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.828820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     8.115721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   966.317830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   640.319678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.117959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.078164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.197113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2662                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.324951                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            17962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           17962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    289259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    289259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29537.322577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29537.322577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29537.322577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29537.322577                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    269673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    269673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27537.322577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27537.322577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27537.322577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27537.322577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       9538                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    289259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29537.322577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29537.322577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27537.322577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27537.322577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.117509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1101115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  9538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.445062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.117509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.969209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.969209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1308532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1308532                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           85                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       238784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       238784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  238784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4071000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           19467500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          124736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          108608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              233344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       124736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         124736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            85                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  85                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           31912972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           27786718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               59699690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      31912972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          31912972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1391792                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1391792                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1391792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          31912972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          27786718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              61091482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        72.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1949.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1616.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005603972500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 8216                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  49                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3646                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          85                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3646                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        85                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      81                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       11.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      34682750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                101526500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9728.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28478.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2379                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       44                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3646                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    85                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     193.876047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    130.161443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    219.210482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           552     46.23%     46.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          351     29.40%     75.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          131     10.97%     86.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           47      3.94%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      3.52%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      1.17%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.67%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.67%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           41      3.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     448.064444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1372.751616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.306995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  228160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   233344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         58.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      59.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3858826000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1034260.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       124736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       103424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 31912972.064380615950                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26460422.193965662271                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 851449.229013746604                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1949                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1697                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           85                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56022000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     45504500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  33375935500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28743.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26814.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 392658064.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2470440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1313070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9210600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                5220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      307934640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         419110170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1147979040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1888023180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.039628                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2980377250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    130260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    797992750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6054720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3218160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             16243500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              266220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      307934640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         867726960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         770196480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1971640680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.432673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1993785250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    130260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1784584750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    257863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    263199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26964.655443                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26964.655443                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26821.461327                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26821.461327                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24964.864582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24964.864582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24821.665138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24821.665138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9556                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    167744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    167744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24128.883774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24128.883774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22129.171461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22129.171461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     90119000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90119000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34515.128303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34515.128303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     84897000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84897000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32515.128303                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32515.128303                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5336000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5336000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        21344                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21344                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4836000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4836000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        19344                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19344                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               237.281526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  381224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.893679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.281526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.926881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.926881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                398119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               398119                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    355341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156693000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    355341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31677.244459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34612.988734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32908.038526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31677.244459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34612.988734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32908.038526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    333747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    333747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29677.244459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32613.430528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30908.223745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29677.244459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32613.430528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30908.223745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13558                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156693000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    355341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31677.244459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34612.988734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32908.038526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186106000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    333747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29677.244459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32613.430528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30908.223745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              494.104108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  22559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.663888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.344315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   266.721128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   149.038664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.520940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.291091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.965047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   43925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       929664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1556416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            48965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            49060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3908630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7614679000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117309                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34234148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   201946                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              446574927                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007615                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7614679000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            382111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448689                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            58                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      319526                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2597892                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           122                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7614668                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7614668                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1852858                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1171713                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       281928                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  33358                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         33358                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                58285                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               27033                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       57029                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3413162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3413162                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7007588                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2716839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      448639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        768151                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     319512                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8006      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2637186     76.59%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5270      0.15%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     462      0.01%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     5582      0.16%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.02%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4702      0.14%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7659      0.22%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 737      0.02%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1884      0.05%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 180      0.01%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2745      0.08%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                179      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   443926     12.89%     90.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  317958      9.23%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4713      0.14%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1554      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3443453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    21                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           13500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5958                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7542                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          13500                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2357                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2268                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4625                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    275228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145750000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    275228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.283464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.255172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.283464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.255172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61837.081035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57089.065256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59508.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61837.081035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57089.065256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59508.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          306                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              306                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    124942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    265978000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    124942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    265978000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.283464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.283464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59837.081035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55089.065256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57508.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59837.081035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55089.065256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57508.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1731                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          13500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    275228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.283464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.255172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61837.081035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57089.065256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59508.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    124942000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.283464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59837.081035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55089.065256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57508.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2150.605779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.485269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    16.210817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1126.380145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1008.014817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.137498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.123049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.262525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3010                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.367432                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            35495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           35495                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    383211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    383211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    383211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    383211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27575.088149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27575.088149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27575.088149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27575.088149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25575.088149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25575.088149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25575.088149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25575.088149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13641                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    383211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27575.088149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27575.088149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    355417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25575.088149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25575.088149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.939954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2317765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                169.911663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.939954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2611789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2611789                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       315584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       315584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  315584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           24625750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          150848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          145152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              296000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       150848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         150848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        19584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            19584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           306                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 306                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19810159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19062130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               38872289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19810159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19810159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2571875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2571875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2571875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19810159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19062130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              41444163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       119.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2357.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2049.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008195738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11070                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  98                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4625                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         306                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4625                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       306                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    187                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      40679750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    22030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                123292250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9232.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27982.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3017                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       81                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 68.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4625                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   306                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     204.155918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.048609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    227.682617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           625     44.29%     44.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          399     28.28%     72.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          185     13.11%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           57      4.04%     89.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           50      3.54%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      1.35%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.78%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.71%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      3.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      675.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     269.387267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1011.965546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     16.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.306995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  281984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   296000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 19584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         37.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      38.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7613839000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1544076.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       150848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       131136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6656                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19810158.773600306362                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17221474.470558773726                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 874101.193234803504                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2357                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2268                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          306                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67147500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     56144750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 127361209000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28488.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24755.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 416213101.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2734620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1453485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10460100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               67860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      600503280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         517782300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2488009920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3621011565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.530428                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6463181000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    254020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    897478000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7347060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3901260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20998740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              475020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      600503280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1167988710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1940467680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3741681750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         491.377476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5033089750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    254020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2327569250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    524900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    524900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    545210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    545210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21045.667776                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21045.667776                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21475.106349                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21475.106349                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    475018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    494436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    494436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19045.667776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19045.667776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19475.185127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19475.185127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    372795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19537.498035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19537.498035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    334633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17537.498035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17537.498035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152105000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    152105000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25956.484642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25956.484642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140385000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140385000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23956.484642                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23956.484642                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20310000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20310000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45436.241611                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45436.241611                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19418000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19418000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43440.715884                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43440.715884                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.391770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  756063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.084875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.391770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.962468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                793576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               793576                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    501603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    501603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.461397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29961.635598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25733.564367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27673.121483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29961.635598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25733.564367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27673.121483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    232501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    465353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    232501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    465353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27961.635598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23733.768219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25673.231822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27961.635598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23733.768219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25673.231822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     29344                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    501603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29961.635598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25733.564367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27673.121483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    232501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27961.635598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23733.768219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25673.231822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.814003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                29344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.733438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.412258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.513158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   170.888587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.239086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.409205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.333767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86030                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16889                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   95458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2705664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7614679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12023825000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116829                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253600                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   207484                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              468240135                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5327912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012024                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12023825000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            571740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5327912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      652226                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           136                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      459533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3982733                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           252                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12023814                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12023814                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2769514                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1764629                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       422909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276565                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276565                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               508184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              238546                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88313                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5116288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5116288                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10136760                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4060192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      652058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1111575                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     459517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 11422      0.21%      0.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4010505     75.27%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17688      0.33%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12161      0.23%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      484      0.01%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    18674      0.35%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.01%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     6294      0.12%     76.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24924      0.47%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    141      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               33653      0.63%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 372      0.01%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24481      0.46%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3131      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              49569      0.93%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2094      0.04%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   614629     11.54%     90.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  441620      8.29%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               37429      0.70%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17897      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5327955                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        14889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           26422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        14889                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11533                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          26422                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4143                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5568                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9711                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    586099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    586099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.325595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.268757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.325595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.268757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62506.154960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58752.873563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60354.134487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62506.154960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58752.873563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60354.134487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1068                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1068                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    250677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    250677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.325595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.325595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60506.154960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56752.873563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58354.134487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60506.154960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56752.873563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58354.134487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4119                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        14889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          26422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    586099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.325595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.268757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62506.154960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58752.873563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60354.134487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    250677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.325595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60506.154960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56752.873563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58354.134487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3144.168627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              15705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.812819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    33.658920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1169.173182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1941.336524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.142721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.236980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.383810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.703125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            63998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           63998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3948234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3948234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3948234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3948234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         34499                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             34499                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    845221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    845221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    845221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    845221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3982733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3982733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24499.869561                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24499.869561                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24499.869561                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24499.869561                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    776225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    776225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    776225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    776225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22499.927534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22499.927534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22499.927534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22499.927534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      34242                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3948234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3948234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         34499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             34499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    845221000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    845221000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3982733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24499.869561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24499.869561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    776225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22499.927534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22499.927534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.428776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3944468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 34242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.193855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.428776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4017231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4017231                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       689856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       689856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  689856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15051000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           51764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          265152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          356352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              621504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       265152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         265152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        68352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            68352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22052217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           29637158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               51689375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22052217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22052217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5684713                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5684713                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5684713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22052217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          29637158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              57374089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       881.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4143.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008195738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            50                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            50                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23102                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 804                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9711                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1068                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9711                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1068                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    187                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      86785750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    47435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                264667000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9147.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27897.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6531                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      632                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9711                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1068                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     208.297136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.531853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    231.962110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1437     45.23%     45.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          902     28.39%     73.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          300      9.44%     83.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          175      5.51%     88.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          120      3.78%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           79      2.49%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.79%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.66%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          118      3.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      184.440000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      68.933253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     473.791875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             39     78.00%     78.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6     12.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      2.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      2.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      2.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      2.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      2.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.080000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.053069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.965528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                21     42.00%     42.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      8.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                25     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  607168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    54656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   621504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 68352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         50.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      51.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12023227000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1115430.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       265152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       342016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        54656                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22052217.160512566566                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28444858.437310922891                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4545641.673926558346                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4143                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5568                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1068                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    120753500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    143913500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 220825997500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29146.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25846.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 206765915.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8268120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4394610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30416400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2088000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      949004160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1397814420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3440041920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5832027630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.039297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8929541000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    401440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2692844000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14422800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7662105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             37320780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2369880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      949004160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2406058350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2590994400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6007832475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.660672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6711653750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    401440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4910731250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1057267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1057267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1065637                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1065637                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         46079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             46079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    979925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    979925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1076005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1076005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1101883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1101883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1111716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1111716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21963.533262                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21963.533262                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23351.309707                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23351.309707                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28022                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28022                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    890693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    890693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    983847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    983847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19963.533262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19963.533262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21351.309707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21351.309707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          612091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              612091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    593919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       642389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          642389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19602.581028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19602.581028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17602.581028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17602.581028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         445176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             445176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    386006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       459494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         459494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26959.491549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26959.491549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357370000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357370000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24959.491549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24959.491549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96080000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96080000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93154000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93154000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.915115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1031470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.509875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.915115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.976231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.976231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1157795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1157795                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         19033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    498093000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1036406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    498093000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1036406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.448435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.448435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26169.967950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31478.451553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28682.293685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26169.967950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31478.451553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28682.293685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    460029000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    504111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    964140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    460029000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    504111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    964140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24170.073031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29478.451553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26682.349034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24170.073031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29478.451553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26682.349034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     50421                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    498093000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1036406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.448435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26169.967950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31478.451553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28682.293685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    460029000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    504111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    964140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24170.073031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29478.451553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26682.349034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.182515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 105343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                50421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.089268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.942615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   197.948808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   198.291092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.386619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.387287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               159533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              159533                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28022                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       120180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4742464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2207872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6950336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           172490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            220688000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           230395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12023825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15804786000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121767                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221090                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              481102946                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000167                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7263046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015805                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15804786000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            828573                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7263046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      851781                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      568445                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5274550                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15804775                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15804775                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3946915                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2363842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597660                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      141402                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7039678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7039678                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13807393                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5614811                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      851522                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1419951                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     568429                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13031      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5627115     77.48%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.24%     77.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     77.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.17%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.28%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.10%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.35%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.50%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.34%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.04%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.71%     80.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.03%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   810335     11.16%     91.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  548815      7.56%     99.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7263095                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           34489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16268                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          34489                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4756                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9611                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14367                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    567907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    865830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    567907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    865830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.294068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.294068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62641.505467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59089.272708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60265.191063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62641.505467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59089.272708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60265.191063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2670                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2670                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    548685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    837096000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    548685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    837096000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60641.505467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57089.272708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58265.191063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60641.505467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57089.272708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58265.191063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8336                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          34489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    567907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    865830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.294068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62641.505467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59089.272708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60265.191063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    548685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    837096000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60641.505467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57089.272708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58265.191063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3909.167623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              31292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.753839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.893484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1263.522918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2574.751221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.008654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.154239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.314301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.477193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6742                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.822998                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            85484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           85484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5233214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5233214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5233214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5233214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41336                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41336                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1001497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1001497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1001497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1001497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5274550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5274550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24228.203019                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24228.203019                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24228.203019                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24228.203019                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    918825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    918825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    918825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    918825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22228.203019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22228.203019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22228.203019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22228.203019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41080                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5233214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5233214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1001497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1001497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5274550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24228.203019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24228.203019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    918825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    918825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22228.203019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22228.203019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.043887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4266693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.863023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.043887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        31404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        31404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1090368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1090368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1090368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            27717000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76475500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          304384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          615104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              919488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       304384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         304384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       170880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           170880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19258976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           38918844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               58177820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19258976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19258976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10811915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10811915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10811915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19258976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          38918844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              68989735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2482.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4756.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9367.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008195738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           140                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           140                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34930                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2327                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14367                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2670                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14367                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2670                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    188                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     124712250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    70615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                389518500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8830.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27580.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10159                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2016                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14367                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2670                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     240.809621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    152.815589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    265.465905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1758     39.89%     39.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1285     29.16%     69.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          458     10.39%     79.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          256      5.81%     85.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          173      3.93%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          114      2.59%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      1.27%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           51      1.16%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          256      5.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       99.350000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.171549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     306.391834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            124     88.57%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      5.71%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      2.14%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.71%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.71%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.71%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.71%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.71%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.571429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.552248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.805939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                28     20.00%     20.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      2.86%     22.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               108     77.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  903872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    15616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   157440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   919488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                170880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         57.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      58.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15803707000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      927610.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       304384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       599488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       157440                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19258976.363235794008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37930788.812958300114                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9961539.498225409538                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4756                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9611                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2670                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    139257500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    250261000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 314633765000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29280.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26039.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 117840361.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12730620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6766485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             47245380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8007480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1247104560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2100190650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4300456320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7722501495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.617909                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11158337500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    527540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4118908500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18742500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9958080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             53592840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4833720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1247104560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3316721700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3276009120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7926962520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.554562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8482796000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    527540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6794450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1353757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1353757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1362127                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1362127                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         58050                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             58050                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1427397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1427397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1523477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1523477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1410344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1410344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1420177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1420177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25224.821956                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25224.821956                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26244.220500                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26244.220500                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32734                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32734                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1314225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1314225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1407379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1407379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23224.857299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23224.857299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24244.254953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24244.254953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      57793                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          801610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              801610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    972388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    972388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       841944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          841944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24108.394903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24108.394903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    891722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    891722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22108.444489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22108.444489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         552147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             552147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    455009000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455009000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       568400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         568400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27995.385467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27995.385467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422503000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    422503000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25995.385467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25995.385467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96080000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96080000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93154000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93154000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.370795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1410949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 57793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.413839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.370795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1478226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1478226                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           32170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          32170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    885112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1472224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    885112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1472224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           99386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          99386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.491588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.491588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25552.160857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34200.618238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30133.327875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25552.160857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34200.618238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30133.327875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23552.160857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32200.695518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28133.368811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23552.160857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32200.695518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28133.368811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65432                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          32170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    885112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1472224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          99386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.491588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25552.160857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34200.618238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30133.327875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23552.160857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32200.695518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28133.368811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.574225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 131429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.008635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.201022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   171.130643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.242560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.193752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.334240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.463364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               198064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              198064                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                99386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               99385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32734                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       148833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  231505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5810112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2645504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8455616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            263056000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           290245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15804786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19233297000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123915                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34258036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   226961                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              476647636                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000074                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9158149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019233                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19233297000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055533                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000074                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9158149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1043960                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      678726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6539958                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19233286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19233286                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4907549                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2917794                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       721413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204744                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8934782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8934782                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17612519                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7172674                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1043701                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1722411                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     678710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13032      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7219759     78.83%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.19%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.14%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.22%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.08%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.28%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.39%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.27%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.03%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.56%     81.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1002514     10.95%     92.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  659096      7.20%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.45%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9158200                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           39720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21499                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          39720                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4763                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12091                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16854                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1015440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1015440000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        56574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        56574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.297911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.297911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62688.431661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59288.313622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60249.199003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62688.431661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59288.313622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60249.199003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3684                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3684                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    692673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    981732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    692673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    981732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60688.431661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57288.313622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58249.199003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60688.431661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57288.313622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58249.199003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 11298                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          39720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1015440000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        56574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.297911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62688.431661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59288.313622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60249.199003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    692673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    981732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60688.431661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57288.313622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58249.199003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4416.598523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              36248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.208355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    93.398945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1297.698104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3025.501475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.011401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.158410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.369324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.539136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.825317                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            97884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           97884                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6498615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6498615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6498615                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6498615                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41343                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41343                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1002281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1002281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1002281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1002281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6539958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6539958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24243.064122                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24243.064122                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24243.064122                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24243.064122                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    919595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    919595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22243.064122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22243.064122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22243.064122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22243.064122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41087                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6498615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6498615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1002281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6539958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24243.064122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24243.064122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    919595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22243.064122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22243.064122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.392582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4266983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.852386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.392582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6581301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6581301                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1314432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1314432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1314432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35274000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           89691250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          304832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          773824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1078656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       304832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         304832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       235776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           235776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15849181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           40233560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               56082740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15849181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15849181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        12258741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              12258741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        12258741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15849181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          40233560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              68341481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3494.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4763.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11725.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008195738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           196                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           196                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                41554                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3279                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16854                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3684                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16854                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3684                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     366                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    190                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     148346750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    82440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                457496750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8997.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27747.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11809                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2911                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16854                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3684                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     243.923606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    154.665002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.024612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2039     38.94%     38.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1580     30.18%     69.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          499      9.53%     78.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          301      5.75%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          232      4.43%     88.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          155      2.96%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           69      1.32%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      1.11%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          303      5.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       83.959184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      36.679814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     263.744726                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            177     90.31%     90.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      4.59%     94.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      2.04%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.51%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.51%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.51%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.693878                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.679029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.707588                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                28     14.29%     14.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      2.04%     16.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               164     83.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1055232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    23424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   221952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1078656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                235776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         54.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      56.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      12.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19232717000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      936445.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       304832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       750400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       221952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15849180.720289401710                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39015671.624059043825                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11539987.137930642813                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4763                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12091                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3684                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    139686250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    317810500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 414812926000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29327.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26284.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 112598514.12                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14972580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7958115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             53735640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10205100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1518160800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2646598920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5156871360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9408502515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.177831                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13378933000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    642200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5212164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22412460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11912505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             63988680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7897860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1518160800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4107474150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3926660640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9658507095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.176361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10166452000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    642200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8424645000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1647203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1647203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1655573                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1655573                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          65599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              65599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67062                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67062                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1737418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1737418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1833498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1833498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1712802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1712802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1722635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1722635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26485.434229                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26485.434229                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27340.341773                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27340.341773                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34776                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34776                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         65599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1606222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1606222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1699376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1699376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24485.464717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24485.464717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25340.371596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25340.371596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          985172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              985172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         48951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             48951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1262790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1262790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1034123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1034123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25797.021511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25797.021511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1164890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1164890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23797.062368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23797.062368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         662031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             662031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474628000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    474628000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       678679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         678679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28509.610764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28509.610764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441332000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    441332000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26509.610764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26509.610764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96080000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96080000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93154000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93154000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.195993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.660295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.195993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1789696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1789696                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               51830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              51830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             56575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            56575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1129343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1717194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1129343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1717194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          108405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         108405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.521886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.521886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25576.531500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33620.404275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30352.523199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25576.531500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33620.404275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30352.523199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1062163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1604046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1062163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1604046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23576.531500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31620.463815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28352.558551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23576.531500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31620.463815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28352.558551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     74151                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              51830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            56575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1129343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1717194000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         108405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.521886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25576.531500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33620.404275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30352.523199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1062163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1604046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23576.531500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31620.463815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28352.558551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.363160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 142484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.921538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.575631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   140.660363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.127166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.176906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.274727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.541264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               217844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              217844                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               108405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              108404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34776                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       168899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  251585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6517568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2645952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9163520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            282285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           335305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19233297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22441568000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129616                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34258036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   238101                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              484783002                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000133                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11022154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022442                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22441568000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1277037                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11022154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1239023                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      786466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7811982                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22441557                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22441557                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5869655                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3457228                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       841895                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      269436                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10798786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10798786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21397866                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8707434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1238764                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2025214                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     786450                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13033      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8780960     79.67%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.16%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.11%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.19%     80.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.06%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.23%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.33%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.22%     81.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.03%     81.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.47%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1197577     10.87%     92.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  766836      6.96%     99.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.37%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11022205                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           41426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23205                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          41426                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12240                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17004                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    725352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1024003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    725352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1024003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        58430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        58430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.345324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.291015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.345324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.291015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62689.126784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59260.784314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60221.300870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62689.126784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59260.784314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60221.300870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    989995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    989995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.345324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.345324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60689.126784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57260.784314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58221.300870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60689.126784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57260.784314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58221.300870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 11524                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          41426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    725352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1024003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        58430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.345324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.291015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62689.126784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59260.784314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60221.300870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    989995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.345324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60689.126784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57260.784314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58221.300870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4751.879565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              36628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.178410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   111.208687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1320.451969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3320.218909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.013575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.161188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.580063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.825439                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           100403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          100403                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7770638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7770638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7770638                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7770638                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1002364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1002364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1002364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1002364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7811982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7811982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24244.485294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24244.485294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24244.485294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24244.485294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    919676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    919676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22244.485294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22244.485294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22244.485294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22244.485294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41088                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7770638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7770638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1002364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7811982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24244.485294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24244.485294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    919676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22244.485294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22244.485294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.622380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4267063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.851806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.622380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7853326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7853326                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1329920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1329920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1329920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           90493250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          304896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          783360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1088256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       304896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         304896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       241664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           241664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13586216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34906652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               48492868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13586216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13586216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10768588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10768588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10768588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13586216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34906652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              59261456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4764.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11861.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008195738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           201                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           201                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                42744                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3364                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17004                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3776                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17004                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     379                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    203                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     149469000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    83125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                461187750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8990.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27740.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11879                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2989                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17004                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     243.031421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    154.045152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    266.492919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2084     39.21%     39.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1596     30.03%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          505      9.50%     78.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          303      5.70%     84.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          239      4.50%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          155      2.92%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           69      1.30%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      1.09%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          306      5.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       82.636816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      36.470147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     260.564411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            182     90.55%     90.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      4.48%     95.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.99%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.50%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.50%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.50%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.50%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.701493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.686943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.700320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                28     13.93%     13.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.99%     15.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               169     84.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1064000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    24256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   227712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1088256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                241664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         47.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      48.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22380295000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1077011.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       304896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       759104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       227712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13586216.435500407591                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33825800.407529458404                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10146884.567067684606                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12240                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3776                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    139718750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    321469000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 423767212000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29328.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26263.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 112226486.23                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15301020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8132685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             54242580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10445220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1771392480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2764054830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6289937280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10913506095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         486.307645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16323405750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    749320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5368842250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22648080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12037740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             64459920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8127540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1771392480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4205876670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5075771520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11160313950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         497.305445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13152907250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    749320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8539340750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1946705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1946705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1955075                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1955075                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         70363                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             70363                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1802552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1802552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1898632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1898632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2015605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2015605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2025438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2025438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26161.857765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26161.857765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26983.386155                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26983.386155                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35637                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35637                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1664754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1664754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1757908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1757908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24161.886792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24161.886792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24983.414579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24983.414579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      70106                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1176992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1176992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         52194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             52194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1327054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1327054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1229186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1229186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25425.412883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25425.412883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1222668000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1222668000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23425.451201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23425.451201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         769713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             769713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475498000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    475498000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       786419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         786419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28462.708009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28462.708009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    442086000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442086000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26462.708009                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26462.708009                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96080000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96080000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93154000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93154000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.739818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1897829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 70106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.070850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.739818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2095800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2095800                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             58431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            58431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1161657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1749585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1161657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1749585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.523074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.523074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.768762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32772.583648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29942.752991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.768762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32772.583648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29942.752991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23687                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23687                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1090767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1632725000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1090767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1632725000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.768762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30772.640072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27942.787219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.768762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30772.640072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27942.787219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     76343                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            58431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587928000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1161657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1749585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.523074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.768762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32772.583648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29942.752991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1090767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1632725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.768762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30772.640072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27942.787219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.883087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                76343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.909396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.567099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.674258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   297.641729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.176889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.235692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.581332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               224199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              224199                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35637                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       176362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  259050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6783936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2646016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9429952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            289892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           351810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22441568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25647709000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133373                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34258036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   245502                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              488671658                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12885057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025648                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25647709000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1498567                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12885057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1434060                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      893996                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9083504                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25647709                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25647709                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6832695                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3996900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       962454                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      334090                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12661689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12661689                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25181068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10241277                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1433802                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2327782                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     893980                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13033      0.10%      0.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10341295     80.26%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.14%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.10%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.16%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.05%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.20%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.28%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.19%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.02%     81.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.40%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1392615     10.81%     92.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  874366      6.79%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.32%     99.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12885108                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        24721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           42942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        24721                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          42942                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12419                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17183                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    736842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1035493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    736842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1035493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        60125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        60125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.285788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.285788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62689.126784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59331.830260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60262.643310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62689.126784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59331.830260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60262.643310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3915                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3915                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    712004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1001127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    712004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1001127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60689.126784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57331.830260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58262.643310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60689.126784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57331.830260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58262.643310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 11773                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        18221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        24721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          42942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    736842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1035493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        60125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.285788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62689.126784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59331.830260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60262.643310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    712004000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1001127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60689.126784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57331.830260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58262.643310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5003.158521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              84543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            18535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.561262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.322652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1337.521417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3541.314452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.015176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.163272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.432289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.610737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          599                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6097                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.825439                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           103078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          103078                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9042160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9042160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9042160                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9042160                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1002364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1002364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1002364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1002364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9083504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9083504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24244.485294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24244.485294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24244.485294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24244.485294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    919676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    919676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22244.485294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22244.485294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22244.485294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22244.485294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41088                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9042160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9042160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1002364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9083504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24244.485294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24244.485294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    919676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22244.485294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22244.485294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.794592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9083504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                219.705495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.794592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9124848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9124848                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        38281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        38281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  38281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1350272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1350272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1350272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           91457250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          304896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          794816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1099712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       304896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         304896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       250560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           250560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11887845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           30989746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               42877592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11887845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11887845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9769294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9769294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9769294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11887845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          30989746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              52646886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3697.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4764.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12033.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008538024500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           207                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           207                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                44048                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3466                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17183                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3915                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17183                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3915                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    218                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     151828000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    83985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                466771750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9039.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27789.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11947                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3084                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17183                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3915                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     241.095729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    152.803703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    265.553158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2151     39.60%     39.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1630     30.01%     69.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          513      9.44%     79.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          305      5.61%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          240      4.42%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          155      2.85%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           69      1.27%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      1.09%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          310      5.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       81.038647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      36.098078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     256.917384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            188     90.82%     90.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      4.35%     95.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.93%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.48%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.48%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.48%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.48%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.710145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.695940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.691869                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                28     13.53%     13.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.93%     15.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               175     84.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1075008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    24704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   234624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1099712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                250560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         41.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      42.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25615841000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1214135.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       304896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       770112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       234624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11887845.421203117818                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 30026541.551917947829                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9147951.577273432165                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4764                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12419                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3915                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    139718750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    327053000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 519800988500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29328.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26334.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 132771644.57                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15315300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8140275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             54249720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10481760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2024009520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2813714370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7479276960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12405187905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.676258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19414964000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    856180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5376565000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              23469180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12474165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             65680860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8654760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2024009520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4420542090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6126158880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12680989455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.429715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15881266500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    856180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8910262500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2246192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2246192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2254562                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2254562                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          71980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              71980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         73443                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             73443                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1866688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1866688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1962768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1962768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2318172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2318172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2328005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2328005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25933.425952                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25933.425952                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26725.052081                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26725.052081                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36515                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36515                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        71980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         71980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1722728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1722728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1815882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1815882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23933.425952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23933.425952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24725.052081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24725.052081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      73187                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1369079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1369079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         55144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             55144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1389216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1389216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1424223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1424223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25192.514145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25192.514145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1278928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1278928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23192.514145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23192.514145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         877113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             877113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477472000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    477472000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       893949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         893949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28360.180565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28360.180565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443800000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443800000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26360.180565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26360.180565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96080000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96080000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93154000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93154000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63673.274094                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.147364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2328005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 73443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.698120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.147364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2401448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2401448                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             60125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            60125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1194824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1782752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1194824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1782752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          114787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         114787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.523796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.523796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.768762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32170.813139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29650.760915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.768762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32170.813139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29650.760915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24418                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24418                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1120544000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1662502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1120544000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1662502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.768762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30170.813139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27650.760915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.768762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30170.813139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27650.760915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78642                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            60125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587928000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1194824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1782752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         114787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.523796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.768762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32170.813139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29650.760915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1120544000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1662502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.768762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30170.813139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27650.760915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.272722                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                79154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.911489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.301249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   105.626577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   314.344897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.174417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.206302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.613955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230456                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               114787                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              114787                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36515                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       183401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  266089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7037312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2646016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9683328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           367215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25647709000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
