
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4128857000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  86450                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34262008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   178127                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              356861170                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004129                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4128857000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239610                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201651                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139464                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            62                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4128846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4128846                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493498                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176827                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81407                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81407                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136568                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69051                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43021                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990455                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845604                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603940                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201373                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340746                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139373                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14342      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643775     79.76%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20512      1.00%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      454      0.02%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14402      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24566      1.19%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190021      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137380      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11352      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060933                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            9803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8418                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1385                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           9803                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4049                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2595                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6644                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    260541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    420796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    260541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    420796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        16447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        16447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.324777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.403964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.324777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.403964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64346.999259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61755.298651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63334.738110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64346.999259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61755.298651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63334.738110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          985                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              985                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155065000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    407508000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155065000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    407508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.324777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.324777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62346.999259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59755.298651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61334.738110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62346.999259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59755.298651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61334.738110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5285                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           9803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    260541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    420796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        16447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.324777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.403964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64346.999259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61755.298651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63334.738110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    407508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.324777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62346.999259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59755.298651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61334.738110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1664.143745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.982025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   130.175909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   716.752906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   817.214930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.349977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.399031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.812570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.934570                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            26594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           26594                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    543847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    543847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    543847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    543847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33823.434293                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33823.434293                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33823.434293                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33823.434293                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    511691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    511691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    511691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    511691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31823.558679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31823.558679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31823.558679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31823.558679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15822                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    543847000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    543847000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33823.434293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33823.434293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    511691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    511691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31823.558679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31823.558679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.604792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1117186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 70.609657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.604792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1335923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1335923                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       488256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       488256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  488256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11569000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           35747500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          259136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          166080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              425216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       259136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         259136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        63040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            63040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           985                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 985                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           62762164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           40224207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              102986371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      62762164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          62762164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15268148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15268148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15268148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          62762164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          40224207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             118254519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       891.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4049.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2473.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001524614250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            49                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            49                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15079                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 816                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         985                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       985                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     94                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      77949000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    32610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                200236500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11951.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30701.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3777                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      679                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   985                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.299215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.170471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    163.222343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1435     48.96%     48.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          929     31.70%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          290      9.89%     90.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          125      4.26%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           58      1.98%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      1.26%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      0.78%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.38%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           49                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      131.877551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      84.403491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     210.935775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              20     40.82%     40.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            15     30.61%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      8.16%     79.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5     10.20%     89.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      8.16%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      2.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             49                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           49                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.653061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.636584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.751416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     16.33%     16.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.04%     18.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                40     81.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             49                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  417408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    55360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   425216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 63040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        101.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     102.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4125919000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      540820.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       259136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       158272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        55360                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 62762163.959662452340                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 38333127.061557233334                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13408069.109683383256                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4049                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2595                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          985                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    125323750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     74912750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  90815304000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30951.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28868.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  92198278.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14865480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7901190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30002280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2563020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      325759200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1606793520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         232392000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2220276690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         537.746086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    586888500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    137800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3404168500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6061860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3221955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             16564800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1952280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      325759200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         776854710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         931287840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2061702645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.339804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2413521500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    137800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1577535500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    277947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    277947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38999.158131                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38999.158131                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38999.158131                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38999.158131                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    263693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    263693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36999.158131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36999.158131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36999.158131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36999.158131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6871                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28419.755929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28419.755929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26419.755929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26419.755929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154520000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154520000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55502.873563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55502.873563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53502.873563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53502.873563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.818793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  291894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.482026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.818793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.979761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348217                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             16448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            16448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    621319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    621319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          23206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.708782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33246.230350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51961.055276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37774.744650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33246.230350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51961.055276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37774.744650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    588425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    588425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31246.390760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49961.055276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35774.866245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31246.390760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49961.055276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35774.866245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18586                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            16448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    621319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          23206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33246.230350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51961.055276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37774.744650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    588425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31246.390760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49961.055276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35774.866245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.124061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   112.744739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   190.949551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.429771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.220205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.372948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.383652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                46267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               46267                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                23206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               23205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        32157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   50374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       709760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1028992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1738752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            80390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4128857000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8088052000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  94058                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277624                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   193886                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              380344716                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000131                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008088                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8088052000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394326                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            96                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631699                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           227                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8088041                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8088041                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011621                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279102                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359547                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163836                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163836                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275975                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140648                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88243                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981139                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662100                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393659                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27732      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319894     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42408      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29136      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49083      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   369987      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253431      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23672      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           17846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2481                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          17846                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    800740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    800740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        30469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        30469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.414290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.414290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65209.665645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61329.927260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63434.999604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65209.665645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61329.927260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63434.999604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3015                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3015                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    775494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    775494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63209.665645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59329.927260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61434.999604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63209.665645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59329.927260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61434.999604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 11733                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          17846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    800740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        30469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.414290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65209.665645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61329.927260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63434.999604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63209.665645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59329.927260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61434.999604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1811.762250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              30876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.631552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   130.935393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   640.210019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1040.616838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.312603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          630                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            49807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           49807                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    959234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    959234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    959234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    959234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32946.385025                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32946.385025                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32946.385025                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32946.385025                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    901004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    901004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    901004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    901004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30946.385025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30946.385025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30946.385025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30946.385025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28859                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    959234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    959234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32946.385025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32946.385025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    901004000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    901004000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30946.385025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30946.385025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.756297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2321747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.451402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.756297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2660814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2660814                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1000832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1000832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1000832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            27698000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           67880250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          438336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          369536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              807872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       438336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         438336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       192960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           192960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           54195497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           45689123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               99884620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      54195497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          54195497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23857413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23857413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23857413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          54195497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          45689123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             123742033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5531.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001933791750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           155                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           155                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29816                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2581                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12623                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3015                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12623                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3015                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     243                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    254                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     149716750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    61900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                381841750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12093.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30843.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7295                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2208                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12623                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3015                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     172.278738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    121.370171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    187.576310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2726     48.58%     48.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1740     31.01%     79.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          544      9.70%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          228      4.06%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          103      1.84%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           85      1.51%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           63      1.12%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      0.62%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           87      1.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       79.722581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.550500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     143.267597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             108     69.68%     69.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            27     17.42%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      3.23%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      3.23%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      3.23%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.29%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.65%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.65%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.65%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.645161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.627603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.770747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                27     17.42%     17.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.29%     18.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               125     80.65%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  792320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    15552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   175040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   807872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                192960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         97.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         21.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      99.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8087294000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      517156.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       438336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       353984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       175040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 54195497.259414255619                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 43766286.369078733027                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21641799.533435244113                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5774                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3015                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    217829000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    164012750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 188269304500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31804.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28405.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  62444213.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25525500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13563330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51322320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6159600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      637996320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2767917720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         774934080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4277418870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.856500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1983837500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    269880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5834334500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14544180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7730415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             37070880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8117100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      637996320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2010495450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1412763360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4128717705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.471212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3651685000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    269880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4166487000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    595139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    595139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40676.577131                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40676.577131                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40676.577131                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40676.577131                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    565879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    565879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38676.713827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38676.713827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38676.713827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38676.713827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14374                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339219000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    339219000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34455.967496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34455.967496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32456.170645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32456.170645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255920000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    255920000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53472.628500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53472.628500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    246348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51472.628500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51472.628500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.355054                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  646584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 44.982886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.355054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664521                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30470                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1171591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721705000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1171591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           43746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          43746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.696521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32488.745836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54492.005814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38450.639974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32488.745836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54492.005814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38450.639974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1110653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1110653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30488.745836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52492.248062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36450.705612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30488.745836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52492.248062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36450.705612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     34255                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721705000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1171591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          43746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32488.745836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54492.005814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38450.639974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1110653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30488.745836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52492.248062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36450.705612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.937470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                34255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.479813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   103.629600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   162.615037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   239.692833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.202402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.317607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.468150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                85988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               85988                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                43746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               43745                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   94966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3278080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            73150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8088052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11697980000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109112                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277624                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221802                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              425450776                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000067                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011698                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11697980000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556572                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11697969                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11697969                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349543                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922868                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559802                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145332                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279380                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828317                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555525                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873286                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30673      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050674     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.89%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528913      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098599                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2719                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18084                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        13794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         20687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6893                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13794                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        20687                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    823776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1272867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    823776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1272867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        38771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        38771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.835342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.533569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.835342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.533569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65151.748150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59719.878208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61529.801325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65151.748150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59719.878208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61529.801325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3564                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3564                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        20687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        20687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    796188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    796188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.835342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.835342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63151.748150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57719.878208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59529.801325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63151.748150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57719.878208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59529.801325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 20040                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        20687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    823776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1272867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        38771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.835342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.533569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65151.748150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59719.878208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61529.801325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    796188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.835342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63151.748150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57719.878208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59529.801325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1884.620675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              42664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            20040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.128942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   101.450313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   448.861255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1334.309107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.219171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.651518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1668                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            66989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           66989                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    962482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    962482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33005.795412                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33005.795412                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33005.795412                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33005.795412                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    904160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31005.795412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31005.795412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31005.795412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31005.795412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28905                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    962482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33005.795412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33005.795412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    904160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31005.795412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31005.795412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.448691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.482442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.448691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3938071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3938071                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               20687                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              20687                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        44938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        44938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1552064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1552064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1552064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            38507000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          110447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          441152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          882816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1323968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       441152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         441152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       228096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           228096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                20687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           37711810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           75467388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              113179198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      37711810                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          37711810                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        19498751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              19498751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        19498751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          37711810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          75467388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             132677950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3281.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6893.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13539.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004999004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           184                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           184                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                47396                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3075                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        20687                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3564                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      20687                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3564                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     255                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    283                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     202630000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   102160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                585730000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9917.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28667.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14405                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2644                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  20687                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3564                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     228.309732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    143.874405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    262.646166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2867     43.19%     43.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1941     29.24%     72.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          675     10.17%     82.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          285      4.29%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      2.08%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          134      2.02%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          145      2.18%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          142      2.14%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          311      4.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      105.282609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      49.682869                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     330.017563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            169     91.85%     91.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           11      5.98%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      1.09%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.54%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.701087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.685780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.718832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                27     14.67%     14.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.09%     15.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               154     83.70%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1307648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    16320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   208448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1323968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                228096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        111.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     113.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      19.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11697590000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      482354.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       441152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       866496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       208448                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 37711810.073192119598                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74072275.726236492395                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17819144.843810640275                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6893                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13794                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3564                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    218832750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    366897250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 267321052750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31747.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26598.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  75005907.06                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              29773800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15821355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             80374980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8179740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      923189280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3764918400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1321566720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6143824275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.203862                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3395072250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    390520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7912387750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17635800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9369855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             65509500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8821800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      923189280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2880995460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2065922880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5971444575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.468010                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5341113250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    390520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5966346750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1216443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1216443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1216443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1216443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51526.728228                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51526.728228                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51526.728228                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51526.728228                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1169229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1169229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1169229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1169229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49526.812945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49526.812945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49526.812945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49526.812945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23351                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    923332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50805.106196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50805.106196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    886986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    886986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48805.216243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48805.216243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    293111000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    293111000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53940.191388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53940.191388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282243000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282243000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51940.191388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51940.191388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.171269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  870581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.282386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.171269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                898073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               898073                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             38772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            38772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724659000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1010857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1735516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724659000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1010857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1735516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.734750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32557.237847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61212.123047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44762.096358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32557.237847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61212.123047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44762.096358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    977831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    977831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30557.237847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59212.244156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42762.147942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30557.237847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59212.244156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42762.147942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42979                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            38772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1010857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1735516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32557.237847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61212.123047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44762.096358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    977831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657974000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30557.237847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59212.244156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42762.147942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.808332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  60472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.407013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.793128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.783504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   319.231699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.148033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.220280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.623499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               104554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              104554                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        55509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  113831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2041664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3907968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             94239000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11697980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15330138000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116519                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277624                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   232782                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              446518124                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000376                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015330                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15330138000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1034976                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736330                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           366                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           147                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5167019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15330127                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15330127                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5519727                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508072                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727795                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7831049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7831049                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14932898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6370000                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735283                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144005                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6673434     83.50%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708671      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406729      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7992079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3120                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18485                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        21115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         28015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        21115                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        28015                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1264139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1713636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1264139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1713636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        46500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        46500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.602473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.602473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65144.492754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59869.239877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61168.516866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65144.492754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59869.239877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61168.516866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4851                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4851                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        28015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        28015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1221909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1221909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.492754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57869.239877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59168.516866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.492754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57869.239877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59168.516866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 27979                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        21115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        28015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1264139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1713636000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        46500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.602473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65144.492754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59869.239877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61168.516866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1221909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.492754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57869.239877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59168.516866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1923.330015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              51777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            27979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.850566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.924759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   342.832873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1473.572382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.052209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.167399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.719518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            84180                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           84180                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    963007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    963007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    904671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    963007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.873560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33015.873560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    904671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31015.873560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31015.873560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.816241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.816241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5196187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5196187                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               28015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              28015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        60881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        60881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2103424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2103424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2103424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            52270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          149333500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          441600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1351360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1792960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       441600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         441600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       310464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           310464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            21115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                28015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28806003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           88150544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              116956547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28806003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28806003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        20251872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              20251872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        20251872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28806003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          88150544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             137208419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4500.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6900.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     20857.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004999004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           252                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           252                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                64264                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4231                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        28015                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4851                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      28015                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4851                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    351                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     262014750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   138785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                782458500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9439.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28189.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     20286                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3724                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  28015                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4851                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     250.802188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    156.049393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    281.590368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3231     39.28%     39.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2464     29.96%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          900     10.94%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          368      4.47%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          185      2.25%     86.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          180      2.19%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          189      2.30%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          198      2.41%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          510      6.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      109.992063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      44.868761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     328.517447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            231     91.67%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           11      4.37%     96.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      1.19%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.40%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            3      1.19%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.40%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.781746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.770025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.628018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                27     10.71%     10.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.79%     11.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               222     88.10%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1776448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    16512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   286784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1792960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                310464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        115.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     116.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15325154000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      466292.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       441600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1334848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       286784                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28806002.920521654189                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87073449.697582632303                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 18707202.766211237758                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        21115                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4851                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    219005250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    563453250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 351188679000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31739.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26684.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  72395110.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              34721820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              18447495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            101587920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12313980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1209611520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4781908410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1859903040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8018494185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         523.054273                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4783986000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    511680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10034472000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24026100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12766380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             96597060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11076840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1209611520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4064781720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2463799200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7882658820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         514.193598                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6362438750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    511680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8456019250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1808518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1808518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1808518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1808518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55409.724563                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55409.724563                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55409.724563                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55409.724563                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1743242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1743242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1743242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1743242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53409.785839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53409.785839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53409.785839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53409.785839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      32382                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1417432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1417432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55180.908631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55180.908631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1366060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1366060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53180.986491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53180.986491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391086000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    391086000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56255.178366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56255.178366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377182000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    377182000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54255.178366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54255.178366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.604549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1133369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 32382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 34.999969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.604549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177806                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             46501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            46501                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1536964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2262106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1536964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2262106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.752358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32568.695262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63416.570391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48646.394701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32568.695262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63416.570391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48646.394701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1488494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2169106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1488494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2169106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30568.695262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61416.652913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46646.437711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30568.695262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61416.652913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46646.437711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51612                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            46501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1536964000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2262106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32568.695262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63416.570391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48646.394701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1488494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2169106000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30568.695262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61416.652913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46646.437711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.801460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  71342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.382275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.287155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.084350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   351.429956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.139233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.168133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.686387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               124098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              124098                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61807                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  133780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2739520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4606272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            112642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           163190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15330138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18772692000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123636                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277624                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   244752                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              464045699                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000083                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018773                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18772692000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268510                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           417                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511340                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441252                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18772681                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18772681                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6523537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081676                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854806                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270240                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740329                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943311                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919661                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430818                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511157                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8295901     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893049      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509164      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           19048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3683                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          19048                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        24991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         31891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24991                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        31891                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1950723000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1950723000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.626063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.626063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65144.492754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60070.665440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61168.448779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65144.492754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60070.665440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61168.448779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5350                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5350                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        31891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        31891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1451244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1886941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1451244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1886941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.492754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58070.665440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59168.448779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.492754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58070.665440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59168.448779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 32150                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          19048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        31891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1950723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.626063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65144.492754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60070.665440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61168.448779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1451244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1886941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.871556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.492754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58070.665440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59168.448779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1946.192114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              57024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            32150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.773686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   120.159384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   279.963857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1546.068874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.058672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.136701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.754916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          673                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            93596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           93596                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6412084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6412084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6412084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6412084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    963007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    963007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    904671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6412084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6412084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    963007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.873560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33015.873560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    904671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31015.873560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31015.873560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.033320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.033320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6470420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6470420                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               31891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              31891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        69132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        69132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  69132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2383424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2383424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2383424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            58641000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          170000500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          441600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1599424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2041024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       441600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         441600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       342400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           342400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            24991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                31891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           23523531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           85199501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              108723032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      23523531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          23523531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18239259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18239259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18239259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          23523531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          85199501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             126962292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4973.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6900.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     24731.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004999004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           278                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           278                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                73390                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4676                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        31891                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5350                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      31891                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5350                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     260                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    377                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     297289250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   158155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                890370500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9398.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28148.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23018                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4129                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  31891                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5350                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    31631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     248.223094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    156.178168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    275.379907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3600     38.17%     38.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2951     31.29%     69.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          984     10.43%     79.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          440      4.67%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          245      2.60%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          260      2.76%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          219      2.32%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          204      2.16%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          528      5.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      111.741007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      44.307737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     326.056004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            254     91.37%     91.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           12      4.32%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      1.08%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.36%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            5      1.80%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.794964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.783872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.610713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                28     10.07%     10.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.72%     10.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               247     88.85%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2024384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    16640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   316608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2041024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                342400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        107.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     108.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18772172000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      504072.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       441600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1582784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       316608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 23523530.881985384971                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 84313107.571359500289                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16865348.880171261728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        24991                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5350                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    219005250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    671365250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 423787721750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31739.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26864.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  79212658.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              40005420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              21263385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            119545020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12627180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1481897040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5735343420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2379034080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9789715545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         521.487038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6123872500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    626629500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12022190000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27331920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14527260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            106300320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            13196160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1481897040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4741400220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3216033600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9600686520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.417676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8311165000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    626643250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9834883750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1393689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1393689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1393689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1393689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2140286000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2140286000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2140286000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2140286000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1431973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1431973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1431973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1431973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55905.495768                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55905.495768                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55905.495768                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55905.495768                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2063720000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2063720000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2063720000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2063720000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53905.548010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53905.548010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53905.548010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53905.548010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      38027                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1702176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1702176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55757.861635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55757.861635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1641122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1641122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53757.927149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53757.927149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438110000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    438110000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56486.591026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56486.591026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422598000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    422598000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54486.591026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54486.591026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.860448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1415754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 38027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.230231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.860448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470256                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1824006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2549148000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1824006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2549148000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.755204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.755204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32568.695262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63609.625109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50042.167256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32568.695262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63609.625109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50042.167256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1766658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2447270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1766658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2447270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30568.695262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61609.694856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48042.206517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30568.695262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61609.694856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48042.206517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     56511                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1824006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2549148000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.755204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32568.695262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63609.625109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50042.167256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1766658000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2447270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30568.695262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61609.694856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48042.206517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.388012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                56511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.381607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.187882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    70.298120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.902009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.129273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.137301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.728324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               135742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              135742                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  146170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3171200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5037952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           191415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18772692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22228050000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126425                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277624                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   248869                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              468347003                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000184                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11811449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022228                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22228050000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502225                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11811449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105147                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           473                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7716057                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22228039                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22228039                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527682                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655534                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981880                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335800                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11650502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11650502                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22563386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9517272                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104101                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717755                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613654                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9919137     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077489      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611661      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.23%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811532                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           19677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4312                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          19677                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        28900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28900                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35800                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1740542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2190039000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1740542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2190039000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.870167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.645312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.870167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.645312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65144.492754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60226.366782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61174.273743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65144.492754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60226.366782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61174.273743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5943                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5943                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1682742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2118439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1682742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2118439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.870167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.645312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.870167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.645312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.492754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58226.366782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59174.273743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.492754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58226.366782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59174.273743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 36317                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          19677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1740542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2190039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.870167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.645312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65144.492754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60226.366782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61174.273743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1682742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2118439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.309903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.870167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.645312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63144.492754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58226.366782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59174.273743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1962.018185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              62103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            36317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.710026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   130.446374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   236.443379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1595.128432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.115451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.778871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          890                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1049                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           103159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          103159                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7686889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7686889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7686889                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7686889                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    963007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    963007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7716057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7716057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33015.873560                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    904671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31015.873560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7686889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7686889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    963007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7716057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.873560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33015.873560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    904671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31015.873560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31015.873560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.183591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.183591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7745225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7745225                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        77543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        77543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  77543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2671552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2671552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2671552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            65515000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          190824500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          441600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1849600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2291200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       441600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         441600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       380352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           380352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            28900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5943                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5943                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19866790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           83210178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              103076968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19866790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19866790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        17111353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              17111353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        17111353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19866790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          83210178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             120188321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5507.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6900.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     28640.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004999004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           308                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           308                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                82688                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5187                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35800                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5943                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5943                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     260                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    436                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     333035500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                999410500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9370.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28120.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     25880                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4605                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5943                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     249.095360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    158.194505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    272.636383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3834     36.38%     36.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3493     33.14%     69.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1048      9.94%     79.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          496      4.71%     84.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          313      2.97%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          328      3.11%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          249      2.36%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          224      2.13%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          554      5.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      109.483766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      43.675868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     316.827283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            282     91.56%     91.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           13      4.22%     95.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      0.97%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.32%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            6      1.95%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.32%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.814935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.804809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.583294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                28      9.09%      9.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.65%      9.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               277     89.94%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2274560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    16640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   351168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2291200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                380352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        102.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     103.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      17.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22227374000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      532481.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       441600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1832960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       351168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19866789.934339720756                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 82461574.452099934220                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15798416.865177107975                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6900                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        28900                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5943                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    219005250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    780405250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 477036806000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31739.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27003.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  80268686.86                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              43989540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23373405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            131868660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14062680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1754182560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6559904850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3011440800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11538822495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         519.110875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7759714750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    742040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13726295250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              31280340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16622100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            121886940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14579460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1754182560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5634082350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3791080800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11363714550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.233084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9797350750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    742040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11688659250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1674292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1674292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1674292                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1674292                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44610                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44610                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2484828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2484828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2484828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2484828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55701.143241                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55701.143241                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55701.143241                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55701.143241                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2395610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2395610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2395610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2395610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53701.188074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53701.188074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53701.188074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53701.188074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44353                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1069070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1069070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2000682000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2000682000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55455.886022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55455.886022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1928528000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1928528000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53455.886022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53455.886022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484146000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484146000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56738.075706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56738.075706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467082000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467082000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013903                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013903                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54738.310090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54738.310090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.037592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1710684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.569747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.037592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1763511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1763511                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2114498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2839640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2114498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2839640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           73778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          73778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.751959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.751959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32568.695262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63664.769819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51184.974224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32568.695262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63664.769819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51184.974224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9317                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9317                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2048074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2728686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2048074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2728686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30568.695262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61664.830036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49185.010274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30568.695262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61664.830036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49185.010274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61635                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2114498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2839640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          73778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.751959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32568.695262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63664.769819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51184.974224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2048074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2728686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30568.695262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61664.830036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49185.010274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.794046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  85664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.389860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.197074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    59.370253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   384.226719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.129291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.115958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.750443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148435                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                73778                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               73777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  160065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5522368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            136328000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           223045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22228050000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26076430000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 130368                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277756                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   255518                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              485645115                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026076                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26076430000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730692                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           604                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      732012                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964792                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26076430                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26076430                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458427                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214332                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394303                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558926                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354402                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079054                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302081                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033910                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731829                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30675      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511406     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275469      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729836      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719957                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           20461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5096                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          20461                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        37988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         44895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6907                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37988                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        44895                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2296534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2746437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2296534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2746437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        65356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        65356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.881719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.686930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.881719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.686930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65137.252063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60454.196062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61174.674240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65137.252063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60454.196062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61174.674240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         8173                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             8173                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        44895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        44895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2220558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2656647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2220558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2656647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.881719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.686930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.881719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.686930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63137.252063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58454.196062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59174.674240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63137.252063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58454.196062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59174.674240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 45784                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          20461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        44895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2296534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2746437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        65356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.881719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.686930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65137.252063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60454.196062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61174.674240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2220558000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2656647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.310120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.881719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.686930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63137.252063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58454.196062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59174.674240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1974.707449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              77294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            47832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.615947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   128.523122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   201.660895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1644.523431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.062755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.098467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.802990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          559                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           125126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          125126                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8935617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8935617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8935617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8935617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    963535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    963535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33026.049700                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33026.049700                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33026.049700                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33026.049700                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    905185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    905185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31026.049700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31026.049700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31026.049700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31026.049700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28919                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8935617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8935617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    963535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    963535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33026.049700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33026.049700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    905185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31026.049700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31026.049700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.304077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                307.276504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.304077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8993967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8993967                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               44895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              44895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        97963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        97963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  97963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3396352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3396352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3396352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            85760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          239257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          442048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2431232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2873280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       442048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         442048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       523072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           523072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            37988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                44895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8173                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8173                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16952014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           93234848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              110186862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16952014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16952014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        20059188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              20059188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        20059188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16952014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          93234848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             130246050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7728.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6907.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     37717.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004999004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           432                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           432                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               104061                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7293                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        44895                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8173                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      44895                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8173                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     271                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    445                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     416126000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   223120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1252826000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9325.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28075.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32707                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6559                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  44895                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8173                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    44624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     256.259506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.619804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    274.665674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4692     35.90%     35.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4103     31.39%     67.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1379     10.55%     77.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          707      5.41%     83.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          476      3.64%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          444      3.40%     90.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          304      2.33%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          253      1.94%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          713      5.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      103.296296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      42.128381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     301.560351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            399     92.36%     92.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           16      3.70%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      0.93%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.46%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            6      1.39%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.23%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.23%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.854167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.845617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.535974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                32      7.41%      7.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.46%      7.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               395     91.44%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2855936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    17344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   493632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2873280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                523072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        109.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     110.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26075725000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      491364.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       442048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2413888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       493632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16952013.753416400403                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 92569726.760910138488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 18930198.650658849627                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6907                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        37988                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8173                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    219177750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1033648250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 598538387750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31732.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27209.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  73233621.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              52935960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              28136130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            164905440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            21616020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2058429360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8062218510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3224112480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13612353900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         522.017542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8297260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    870740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16908430000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              40390980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21468315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            153709920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18645840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2058429360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7032910230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4090898400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13416453045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         514.504978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10560618500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    870740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14645071500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1979620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1979620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1979620                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1979620                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55436                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55436                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3224569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3224569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3224569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3224569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58167.418284                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58167.418284                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58167.418284                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58167.418284                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3113697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3113697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3113697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3113697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56167.418284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56167.418284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56167.418284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56167.418284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55180                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1256513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1256513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2731652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2731652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58601.536019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58601.536019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2638424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2638424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56601.536019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56601.536019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492917000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    492917000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55873.611426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55873.611426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475273000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    475273000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53873.611426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53873.611426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.179625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.710008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.179625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2090492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2090492                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             65356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            65356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725625000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2780650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3506275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725625000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2780650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3506275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           84611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          84611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.772429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.772429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32580.145474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64540.200538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53648.861619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32580.145474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64540.200538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53648.861619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2694482000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3375563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2694482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3375563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30580.145474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62540.200538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51648.861619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30580.145474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62540.200538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51648.861619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73543                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            65356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725625000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2780650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3506275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          84611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.772429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32580.145474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64540.200538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53648.861619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2694482000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3375563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30580.145474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62540.200538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51648.861619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.119602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.351428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.427906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    50.642124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   391.049573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.133648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.098910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.763769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               174135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              174135                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                84611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               84611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       126341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  184691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4537920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1867200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6405120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            161956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           277180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26076430000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
