
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6384085000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  83586                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34238792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   139458                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              533582677                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000050                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006384                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6384085000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            148314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      161924                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      367258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1335853                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6384074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6384074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               897152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              778518                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       111281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 271916                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        271916                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               268592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                7053                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       32285                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1663090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1663090                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3550379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1145575                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      161898                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        529154                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     367256                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   924      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1133677     67.92%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.19%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.05%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.02%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     483      0.03%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 274      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                137      0.01%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   159718      9.57%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  102820      6.16%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2180      0.13%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436     15.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1669072                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1398                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1258                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2656                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34370                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35153                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1927365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1974201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1927365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1974201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        37809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        37809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.929752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.929752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59816.091954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56076.956648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56160.242369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59816.091954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56076.956648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56160.242369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1624                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1624                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1858625000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1903895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1858625000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1903895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57816.091954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54076.956648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54160.242369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57816.091954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54076.956648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54160.242369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2579                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1927365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1974201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        37809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.929752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59816.091954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56076.956648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56160.242369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1858625000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1903895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57816.091954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54076.956648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54160.242369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        19423.958384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.814269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    21.281385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   260.228209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 19142.448790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.584181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.592772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        32529                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           107613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          107613                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    136318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    136318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24852.871468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24852.871468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24852.871468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24852.871468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125348000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125348000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125348000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125348000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22852.871468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22852.871468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22852.871468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22852.871468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       5251                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    136318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24852.871468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24852.871468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22852.871468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22852.871468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               231.230423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  255412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  5251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 48.640640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   231.230423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.903244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.903244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1341338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1341338                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        71930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        71930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  71930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2353728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2353728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2353728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            43273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185320500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2199680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2249792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       103936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           103936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1624                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1624                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7849520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          344556816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              352406335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7849520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7849520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16280485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16280485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16280485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7849520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         344556816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             368686820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       783.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34368.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008110282500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            94                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            94                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                73506                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1508                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35153                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1624                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       11.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     145534250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                804615500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4140.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22890.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1424                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35153                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1624                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     707.794162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    530.486750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    378.950254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           317      9.54%      9.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          293      8.82%     18.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          335     10.08%     28.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          115      3.46%     31.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          276      8.31%     40.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      2.14%     42.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           77      2.32%     44.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           68      2.05%     46.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1771     53.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           94                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      373.829787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      21.430162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3350.787424                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023            93     98.94%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      1.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             94                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           94                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.010638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.975839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.102243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                49     52.13%     52.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                42     44.68%     96.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.06%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             94                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2249664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   102336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2249792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                103936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        352.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     352.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6233851000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      169504.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2199552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       102336                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7849519.547437103465                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 344536766.036166489124                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16029861.757793011144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          783                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34370                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1624                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20734500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    783881000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  52222719750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26480.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22807.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  32156847.14                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10103100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5369925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121265760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1258020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      503390160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1037826930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1577529120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3256743015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         510.134658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4083279500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    212940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2087865500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13623120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7240860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129712380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7088760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      503390160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1746399630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         980836320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3388291230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         530.740307                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2525256750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    212940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3645888250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2559542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2559542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2592760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2592760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65624.234033                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65624.234033                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65736.017443                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65736.017443                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2481538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2481538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2513878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2513878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63624.285311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63624.285311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63736.068151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63736.068151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      39185                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19800.499272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19800.499272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17800.915332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17800.915332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2464361000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2464361000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72065.767926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72065.767926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2395969000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2395969000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70065.767926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70065.767926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.854247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  509048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 39185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 12.990889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.854247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                568095                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               568095                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             37810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            37810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2321789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2395412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2321789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2395412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           44927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          44927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.841587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33756.533700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65165.707710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63353.927532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33756.533700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65165.707710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63353.927532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2250533000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2319794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2250533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2319794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31756.533700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63165.763844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61353.980428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31756.533700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63165.763844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61353.980428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38916                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            37810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2321789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2395412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          44927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33756.533700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65165.707710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63353.927532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2250533000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2319794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31756.533700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63165.763844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61353.980428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.627259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.009199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.827887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    26.274035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   435.525337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.077789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.051316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.850635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.979741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120299                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                44927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               44926                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       114827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  125797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4824640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       351040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5175680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            27425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            224647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           197205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6384085000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10105586000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100192                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34239452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   159561                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              505653025                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10105586000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            255920                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      467884                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      501176                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2654204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10105575                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10105575                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1751771                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1639958                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       174997                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 274220                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        274220                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               271664                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                8973                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       73502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3180344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3180344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7038725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2420537                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467859                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        969033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     501174                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1872      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2211626     69.34%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.10%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.03%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     69.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     867      0.03%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1042      0.03%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                521      0.02%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   464911     14.58%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  236738      7.42%     91.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2948      0.09%     91.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      8.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3189384                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8263                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2507                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10770                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34389                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35172                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1928817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1975653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1928817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1975653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        45942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        45942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.765574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.765574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59816.091954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56088.196807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56171.187308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59816.091954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56088.196807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56171.187308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1642                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1642                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1860039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1905309000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1860039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1905309000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57816.091954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54088.196807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54171.187308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57816.091954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54088.196807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54171.187308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2598                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1928817000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1975653000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        45942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.765574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59816.091954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56088.196807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56171.187308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1860039000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1905309000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57816.091954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54088.196807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54171.187308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        24320.382220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.815242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    45.114777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   187.261929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 24088.005514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.735108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.742199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        32700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           116124                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          116124                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    266753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    266753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21597.684398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21597.684398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21597.684398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21597.684398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19597.846328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19597.846328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19597.846328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19597.846328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      12116                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    266753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21597.684398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21597.684398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19597.846328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19597.846328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.250352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  491126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 12116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.535325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.250352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.907228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.907228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2666554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2666554                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        71986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        71986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  71986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2356096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2356096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2356096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            43382000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185424250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2200896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2251008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       105088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           105088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4958842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          217790042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              222748884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4958842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4958842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10399001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10399001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10399001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4958842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         217790042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             233147885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1642.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       783.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34386.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008110282500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            95                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            95                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                74516                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1525                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35172                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1642                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1642                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       16.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     146023000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                805441750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4152.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22902.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1440                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35172                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1642                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     704.248878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    524.471399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    380.806106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           335     10.02%     10.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          293      8.76%     18.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          336     10.05%     28.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          115      3.44%     32.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          276      8.26%     40.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      2.12%     42.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           78      2.33%     44.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           68      2.03%     47.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1771     52.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           95                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      370.094737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      21.403028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3333.115245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023            94     98.95%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      1.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             95                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           95                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.021053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.986310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.101053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                49     51.58%     51.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                43     45.26%     96.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.05%     97.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      2.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             95                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2250816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   103488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2251008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                105088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        222.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     222.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9980740000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      271112.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2200704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       103488                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4958841.575342588127                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 217771042.668876409531                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10240672.831837758422                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          783                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34389                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1642                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20734500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    784707250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  92831905750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26480.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22818.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  56535874.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10231620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5438235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121394280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1258020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      797188080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1125001020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2933175840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4993687095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.151165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7606778750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    337220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2161587250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13637400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7248450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129712380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7182720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      797188080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1800580980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2364266400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5119816410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.632313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6121352250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    337220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3647013750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2634068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2634068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2667286000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2667286000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60500.436400                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60500.436400                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60651.840735                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60651.840735                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2546992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2546992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2579332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2579332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58500.436400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58500.436400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58651.840735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58651.840735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43721                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161645000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161645000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18148.085775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18148.085775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    143831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16148.085775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16148.085775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2472423000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2472423000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71393.347001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71393.347001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2403161000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2403161000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69393.347001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69393.347001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.380969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  926116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.182407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.380969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1012509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1012509                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         36896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             45943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            45943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2339687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2502555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2339687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2502555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           56328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          56328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.815633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18002.431745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63413.025802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54470.866073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18002.431745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63413.025802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54470.866073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144776000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2265895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2410671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144776000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2265895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2410671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16002.652813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61413.025802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52470.909605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16002.652813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61413.025802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52470.909605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47359                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            45943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2339687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2502555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          56328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18002.431745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63413.025802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54470.866073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2265895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2410671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16002.652813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61413.025802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52470.909605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.447143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.868473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    61.834407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    22.300326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   421.312410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.120770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.043555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.822876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140648                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                56328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               56327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       124403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  149104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5147264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       790400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5937664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            61750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            238573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           219885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10105586000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13827205000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106929                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34239452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   167856                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              492790588                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000297                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013827                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13827205000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      774022                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      634790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3971831                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13827194                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13827194                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2609286                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2501190                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       239375                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276614                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276614                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               274856                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      114614                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4698256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4698256                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10526373                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3695864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      773997                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1408785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     634788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2811      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3290333     69.85%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.07%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.02%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1266      0.03%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1840      0.04%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                920      0.02%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   770251     16.35%     86.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  370352      7.86%     94.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3746      0.08%     94.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      5.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4710378                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15115                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3574                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18689                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34407                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35190                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1930005000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1976841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1930005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1976841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        53879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        53879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.653130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.653130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59816.091954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56093.382161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56176.214834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59816.091954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56093.382161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56176.214834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1660                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1660                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1861191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1906461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1861191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1906461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.653130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.653130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57816.091954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54093.382161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54176.214834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57816.091954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54093.382161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54176.214834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2616                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1930005000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1976841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        53879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.653130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59816.091954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56093.382161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56176.214834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1861191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1906461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.653130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57816.091954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54093.382161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54176.214834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        26581.155610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.816514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    56.119114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   153.547438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 26371.489058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.804794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.811192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6858                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        25857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           124361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          124361                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    396941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    396941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20670.780607                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20670.780607                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20670.780607                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20670.780607                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    358537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    358537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18670.884758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18670.884758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18670.884758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18670.884758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18968                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    396941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20670.780607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20670.780607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18670.884758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18670.884758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.721273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  726378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.294918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.721273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.909067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3991033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3991033                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        72040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        72040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  72040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2358400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2358400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2358400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            43490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185523250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2202048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2252160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       106240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           106240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3624160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          159254745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              162878904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3624160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3624160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         7683404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               7683404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         7683404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3624160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         159254745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             170562308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1660.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       783.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34404.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011993502500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            96                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            96                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                75526                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1542                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35190                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1660                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1660                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     146270500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                806026750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4156.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22906.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1455                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35190                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1660                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.537455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    518.153051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    382.789892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           354     10.52%     10.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          294      8.74%     19.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          336      9.99%     29.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          115      3.42%     32.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          276      8.20%     40.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      2.11%     42.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           78      2.32%     45.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           69      2.05%     47.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1771     52.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           96                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      366.427083                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      21.364457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3315.720862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023            95     98.96%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      1.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             96                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           96                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.031250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.996570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.099791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                49     51.04%     51.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                44     45.83%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.04%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      2.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             96                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2251968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   104640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2252160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                106240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        162.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     162.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       7.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13734412000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      372711.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2201856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       104640                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3624159.763307190500                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 159240858.872056931257                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7567689.927212332375                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          783                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34407                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1660                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20734500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    785292250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 179403124250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26480.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22823.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 108074171.23                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10381560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5517930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121522800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1351980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1090986000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1210536930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4290247200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6730544400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         486.761019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11133992000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    461500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2231713000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13637400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7248450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129712380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7182720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1090986000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1854255600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3748168320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6851190870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.486316                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9718691250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    461500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3647013750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2711145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2711145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2744363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2744363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56122.070879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56122.070879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56298.090139                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56298.090139                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2614529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2614529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2646869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2646869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54122.070879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54122.070879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54298.090139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54298.090139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      48491                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226766000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226766000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17478.495452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17478.495452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15478.495452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15478.495452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2484379000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2484379000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70311.286579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70311.286579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2413711000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2413711000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68311.286579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68311.286579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.085886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1368649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 48491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.224805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.085886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1457031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1457031                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             53880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            53880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2354944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2606888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2354944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2606888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.792936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15846.531228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62003.212132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48383.221975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15846.531228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62003.212132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48383.221975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2278982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2499130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2278982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2499130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13846.657022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60003.212132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46383.259094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13846.657022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60003.212132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46383.259094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55517                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            53880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2354944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2606888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15846.531228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62003.212132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48383.221975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2278982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2499130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13846.657022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60003.212132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46383.259094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.210857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  99955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.800440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.826389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.571748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   414.812721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.038226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.810181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               161173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              161173                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       134688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        38405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  173093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5500224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1228928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6729152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            96010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            253920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           243735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13827205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17589669000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113432                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34239452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   176673                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              498801986                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017590                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17589669000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            472895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1079986                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      767985                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5289764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17589658                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17589658                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3466072                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3361292                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       304755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 277652                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        277652                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               276240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      155585                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6215936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6215936                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14013525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4971201                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1079961                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1847944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     767983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3862      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4369735     70.13%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.05%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1439      0.02%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2186      0.04%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1093      0.02%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1075869     17.27%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  503547      8.08%     95.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4092      0.07%     95.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      4.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6230682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        21947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        21947                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5532                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27479                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34427                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35211                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1931325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1978227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1931325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1978227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        62690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        62690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.861558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.561669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.861558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.561669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59823.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56099.137305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56182.073784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59823.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56099.137305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56182.073784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1678                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1678                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1862471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1907805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1862471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1907805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.861558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.861558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57823.979592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54099.137305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54182.073784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57823.979592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54099.137305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54182.073784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2637                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        21947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1931325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1978227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        62690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.861558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.561669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59823.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56099.137305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56182.073784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45334000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1862471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1907805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.861558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57823.979592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54099.137305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54182.073784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        27894.266221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.838453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    62.510693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   133.785526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 27697.970002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.845275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           133416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          133416                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    526832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    526832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20234.751882                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20234.751882                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20234.751882                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20234.751882                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    474762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    474762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18234.828699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18234.828699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18234.828699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18234.828699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      25801                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    526832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20234.751882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20234.751882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18234.828699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18234.828699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.994795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  960962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 25801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.245146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.994795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315799                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1678                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        72100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        72100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  72100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2360896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2360896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2360896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            43601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185638750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2203328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2253504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       107392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           107392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2852584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          125262619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              128115202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2852584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2852584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6105402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6105402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6105402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2852584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         125262619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             134220604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1678.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       784.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34424.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013396494250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            97                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            97                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                76554                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1559                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35211                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1678                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35211                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1678                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     146559250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                806709250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4162.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22912.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1471                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35211                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1678                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     696.517272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    511.369278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    384.912011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           375     11.07%     11.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          295      8.71%     19.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          336      9.92%     29.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          115      3.40%     33.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          276      8.15%     41.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      2.10%     43.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           78      2.30%     45.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           69      2.04%     47.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1772     52.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           97                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      362.865979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      21.360667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3298.592739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023            96     98.97%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      1.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             97                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           97                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.041237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.006624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.098460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                49     50.52%     50.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                45     46.39%     96.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.03%     97.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      2.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             97                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2253312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   105792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2253504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                107392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        128.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     128.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17539709000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      475472.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2203136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       105792                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2852583.525022557471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 125251703.144612908363                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6014439.498548836447                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          784                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34427                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1678                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20767000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    785942250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 268062032250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26488.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22829.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 159750913.14                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10524360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5593830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121651320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1445940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1388471760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1297955550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5661418080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8487060840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.502589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14697810500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    587340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2304518500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13658820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7259835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129733800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7182720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1388471760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1914615750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5142125280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8603047965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.096638                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13342087750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    587340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3660241250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2835822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2835822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2869040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2869040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50633.349403                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50633.349403                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50828.048046                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50828.048046                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2723808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2723808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2756148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2756148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48633.349403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48633.349403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48828.048046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48828.048046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56190                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    341529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16992.337927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16992.337927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301331000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    301331000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14992.337927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14992.337927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2494293000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2494293000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69463.434332                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69463.434332                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2422477000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2422477000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67463.434332                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67463.434332                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.495319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1761194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.343549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.495319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1903889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1903889                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         39959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             62691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            62691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2381938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2722775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2381938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2722775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           82482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          82482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.760057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14993.709308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59609.549789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43431.672808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14993.709308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59609.549789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43431.672808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    295375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2302020000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2597395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    295375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2302020000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2597395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12993.797290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57609.549789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41431.704710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12993.797290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57609.549789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41431.704710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64492                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            62691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2381938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2722775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          82482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14993.709308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59609.549789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43431.672808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    295375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2302020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2597395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12993.797290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57609.549789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41431.704710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.235264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.755753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.195987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.350726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.688551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.807985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               185279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              185279                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                82482                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               82481                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       150685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  202756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6031296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1666240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7697536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           130175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            271447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           282230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17589669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21339003000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118053                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34239452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   183028                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              503809278                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000153                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021339                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21339003000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            582428                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1386402                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      901082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6607650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21338992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21338992                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4325694                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4222118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 278396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        278396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               277232                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12453                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      196550                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7735467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7735467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17502796                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6247854                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1386377                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2287457                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     901080                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4938      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5450703     70.31%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.04%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1563      0.02%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2434      0.03%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1217      0.02%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1382037     17.83%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636644      8.21%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4340      0.06%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7752735                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28770                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7390                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36160                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34465                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35249                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1932973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1979875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1932973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1979875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        71409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        71409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.493621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.493621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59823.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56085.100827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56168.260092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59823.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56085.100827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56168.260092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1713                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1713                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1864043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1909377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1864043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1909377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57823.979592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54085.100827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54168.260092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57823.979592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54085.100827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54168.260092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2698                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1932973000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1979875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        71409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.493621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59823.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56085.100827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56168.260092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45334000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1864043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1909377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57823.979592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54085.100827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54168.260092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        28742.163742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.802817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.250405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.996867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 28554.916470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.871427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32671                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           142381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          142381                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    656469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    656469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    656469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    656469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19978.362093                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19978.362093                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19978.362093                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19978.362093                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    590753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    590753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    590753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    590753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17978.422959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17978.422959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17978.422959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17978.422959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      32624                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    656469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    656469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19978.362093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19978.362093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    590753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    590753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17978.422959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17978.422959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.171413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1195234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 32624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.636648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.171413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6640508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6640508                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        72211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        72211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  72211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2365568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2365568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2365568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            43814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185837750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2205760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2255936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       109632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           109632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2351375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          103367528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              105718904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2351375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2351375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5137635                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5137635                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5137635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2351375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         103367528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             110856538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1696.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       784.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34442.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013511542500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            98                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            98                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                77587                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1576                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35249                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1713                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35249                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1713                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     146806750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                807294250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4167.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22917.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1487                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35249                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1713                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     693.289489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    505.989776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.579856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           392     11.51%     11.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          296      8.69%     20.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          336      9.86%     30.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          115      3.38%     33.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          276      8.10%     41.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      2.08%     43.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           78      2.29%     45.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           69      2.03%     47.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1773     52.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           98                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      359.346939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      21.323389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3281.730541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023            97     98.98%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      1.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             98                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           98                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.051020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.016478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.097067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                49     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                46     46.94%     96.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.02%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      2.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             98                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2254464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   106944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2255936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                109632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        105.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     105.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21337174000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      577273.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2204288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       106944                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2351375.085330837872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 103298546.797148868442                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5011668.070902843960                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          784                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34465                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1713                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20767000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    786527250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 351089153250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26488.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22821.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 204955722.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10574340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5620395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121694160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1529460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1684113600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1365758190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7044065280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10233355425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.561085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18291740250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    712400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2334862750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13751640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7305375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129819480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7193160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1684113600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1992161970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6516567360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10350912585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.070112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16914581500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    712400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3712021500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2944953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2944953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2978171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2978171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46989.931708                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46989.931708                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47189.412305                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47189.412305                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2819609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2819609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2851949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2851949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44989.931708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44989.931708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45189.412305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45189.412305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62855                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    444849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16810.225598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16810.225598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14810.225598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14810.225598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2500104000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2500104000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69046.480157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69046.480157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2427686000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2427686000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67046.480157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67046.480157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.759696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2226705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.426060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.759696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2350067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2350067                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             71410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            71410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2408158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2837694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2408158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2837694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           95970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          95970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.744087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14533.446117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57535.730498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39738.047892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14533.446117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57535.730498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39738.047892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    370428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2324448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2694876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    370428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2324448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2694876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12533.513788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55535.730498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37738.075900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12533.513788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55535.730498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37738.075900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73358                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            71410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2408158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2837694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          95970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14533.446117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57535.730498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39738.047892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    370428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2324448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2694876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12533.513788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55535.730498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37738.075900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.896741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 124890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                73358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.702473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.872634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    14.018918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.005189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.159907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.806651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               207939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              207939                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                95970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               95969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38099                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       164321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  230038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6477440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2102912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           164290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            286465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           315555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21339003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25080473000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121066                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34239452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   187110                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              506046168                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025080                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25080473000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1692486                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1034345                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7925772                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25080462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25080462                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5184053                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5082588                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       436090                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 280166                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        280166                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               279592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               13928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9253841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9253841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20990747                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7523633                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1692461                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2726804                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1034343                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  5934      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6530422     70.42%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1858      0.02%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3024      0.03%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1512      0.02%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1687531     18.20%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  769907      8.30%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4930      0.05%     97.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9273977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        35555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         8811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        35555                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         8811                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44366                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34493                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35326                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1934434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1984262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1934434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1984262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        79692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        79692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.796531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.443282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.796531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.443282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59817.527011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56081.929667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56170.016419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59817.527011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56081.929667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56170.016419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1769                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1769                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1865448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1913610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1865448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1913610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.796531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.796531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57817.527011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54081.929667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54170.016419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57817.527011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54081.929667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54170.016419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2835                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        35555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         8811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1934434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1984262000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        79692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.796531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.443282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59817.527011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56081.929667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56170.016419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1865448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1913610000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.022892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.796531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57817.527011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54081.929667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54170.016419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        29335.571810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              20682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.295238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.511034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.043621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 29155.017155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.889741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.895251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32673                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           151257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          151257                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    789143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    789143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19881.162925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19881.162925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19881.162925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19881.162925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    709759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    709759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17881.213312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17881.213312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17881.213312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17881.213312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39458                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    789143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19881.162925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19881.162925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    709759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17881.213312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17881.213312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.295021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1429868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.237721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.295021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7965464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7965464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        72421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        72421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  72421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2374080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2374080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2374080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            44171000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186251250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           53312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2207552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2260864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        53312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          53312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       113216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           113216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2125638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           88018755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90144392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2125638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2125638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4514109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4514109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4514109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2125638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          88018755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              94658502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1708.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       833.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34461.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.014750198500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            99                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            99                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                78741                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1593                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35326                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1769                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35326                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1769                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     61                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     147439250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                809201750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4177.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22927.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32028                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1503                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 88.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35326                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1769                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     685.663963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    495.055530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.864464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           416     12.05%     12.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          317      9.18%     21.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          336      9.73%     30.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          115      3.33%     34.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          276      8.00%     42.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      2.06%     44.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           78      2.26%     46.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           70      2.03%     48.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1773     51.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           99                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      356.383838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      21.568138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3265.077196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023            98     98.99%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      1.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             99                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           99                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.060606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.026139                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.095614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                49     49.49%     49.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                47     47.47%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.01%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      2.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             99                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2258816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   108096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2260864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                113216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         90.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24915476000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      671666.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        53312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2205504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       108096                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2125637.742159009445                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87937097.518057182431                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4309966.562432853505                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          833                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34493                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1769                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22057000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    787144750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 450247643750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26478.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22820.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 254520997.03                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10581480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5624190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121694160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1607760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1979755440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1421613630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8433753600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11974630260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         477.448342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21904091750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    837460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2338921250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14065800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7476150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130305000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7208820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1979755440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2132017740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7835518560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12106347510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.700127                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20342091250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    837460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3900921750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3041629000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3041629000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3074847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3074847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44314.713638                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44314.713638                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44513.970120                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44513.970120                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2904355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2904355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2936695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2936695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42314.713638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42314.713638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42513.970120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42513.970120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68820                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    531648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    531648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16689.624863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16689.624863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14689.624863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14689.624863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2509981000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2509981000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68239.383394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68239.383394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2436417000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2436417000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66239.383394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66239.383394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.944723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2652162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.537663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.944723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2795379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2795379                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           25772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               29076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              29076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         36389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             79693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            79693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2428400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2949606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2428400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2949606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          108769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         108769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14323.174586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56077.960466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37012.108968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14323.174586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56077.960466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37012.108968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2341792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2790222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2341792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2790222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12323.229547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54077.960466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35012.134064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12323.229547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54077.960466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35012.134064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82063                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              29076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            79693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2428400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2949606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         108769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14323.174586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56077.960466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37012.108968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2341792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2790222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12323.229547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54077.960466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35012.134064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.359681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 138203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.684109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    83.598486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.374202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.386992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.163278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.807396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230029                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               108769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              108768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       176837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        79385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  256222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6896704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2540288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9436992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           198460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            302194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           345380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25080473000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28825238000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128583                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34239452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   198285                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              529488910                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028825                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28825238000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            799734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1998708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1167838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9242973                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28825238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28825238                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6042247                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5943722                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       500969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 282128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        282128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               282208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      278630                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10772039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10772039                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            24478217                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8799120                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1998682                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3166518                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1167836                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6917      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7609551     70.49%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2185      0.02%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3678      0.03%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1839      0.02%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1993098     18.46%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  903400      8.37%     97.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                5584      0.05%     97.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10795111                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           52829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42401                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10428                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          52829                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34533                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35366                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1936363000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1986191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1936363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1986191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        88195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.768066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.400998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.768066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.400998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59817.527011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56072.828888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56161.030368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59817.527011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56072.828888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56161.030368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1800                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1800                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1867297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1915459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1867297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1915459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.768066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.768066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57817.527011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54072.828888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54161.030368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57817.527011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54072.828888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54161.030368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2931                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          52829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1936363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1986191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.768066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.400998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59817.527011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56072.828888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56161.030368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1867297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1915459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.768066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57817.527011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54072.828888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54161.030368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        29775.252073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             124538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            35651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.493254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.968240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   105.412405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 29596.871427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.903225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.908669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32673                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           160189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          160189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919217000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    919217000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919217000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    919217000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19751.966135                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19751.966135                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19751.966135                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19751.966135                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    826141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    826141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    826141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    826141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17751.966135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17751.966135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17751.966135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17751.966135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      46304                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    919217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    919217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19751.966135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19751.966135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    826141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    826141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17751.966135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17751.966135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.386606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9242973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 46538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                198.611307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.386606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9289511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9289511                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        72532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        72532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  72532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2378624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2378624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2378624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            44366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186462250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           53312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2210112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2263424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        53312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          53312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       115200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           115200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1849490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76672810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               78522300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1849490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1849490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3996498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3996498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3996498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1849490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76672810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              82518798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1730.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       833.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34483.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.015782074500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           100                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           100                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                79777                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1611                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35366                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1800                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35366                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      50                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     70                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     147804750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                809979750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4185.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22935.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32028                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1520                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35366                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     681.684695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    488.734558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    391.654967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           438     12.60%     12.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          317      9.12%     21.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          336      9.67%     31.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          116      3.34%     34.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          276      7.94%     42.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      2.04%     44.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           79      2.27%     46.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           70      2.01%     48.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1773     51.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      353.090000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      21.616639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3248.712037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023            99     99.00%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      1.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.080000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.044825                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.107185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                49     49.00%     49.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                47     47.00%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.00%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      2.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2260224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   109312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2263424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                115200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      78.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28692841000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      772018.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        53312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2206912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       109312                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1849490.366740423720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76561796.298091277480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3792232.348610616755                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          833                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34533                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1800                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22057000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    787922750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 554336576250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26478.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22816.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 307964764.58                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10581480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5624190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121694160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1607760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2275397280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1475625120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9826260000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13716789990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.860424                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25523796750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    962520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2338921250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14237160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7567230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130462080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7308000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2275397280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2233714290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9187869120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13856555160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         480.709133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23856885500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    962520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4005832500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3146181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3146181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3179399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3179399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41925.601663                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41925.601663                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42121.845233                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42121.845233                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2996097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2996097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3028437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3028437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39925.601663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39925.601663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40121.845233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40121.845233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      75225                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620265000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    620265000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16629.088472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16629.088472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    545665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14629.088472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14629.088472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2525916000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2525916000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66925.865084                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66925.865084                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2450432000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2450432000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64925.865084                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64925.865084                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.081817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3166018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 75481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.944569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.081817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3241499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3241499                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               33824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              33824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         43234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         44961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             88195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            88195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    610204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2451790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3061994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    610204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2451790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3061994000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          122019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         122019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.722797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14113.984364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54531.482841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34718.453427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14113.984364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54531.482841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34718.453427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885604000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885604000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12113.984364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52531.482841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32718.453427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12113.984364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52531.482841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32718.453427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90802                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              33824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            88195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    610204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2451790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3061994000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         122019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14113.984364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54531.482841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34718.453427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12113.984364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52531.482841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32718.453427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.702692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 161741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.771262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.571381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    11.129110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   416.002201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.161272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.021737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.812504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               253055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              253055                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39722                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       190684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        93076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  283760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7372992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10351424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           232690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            320629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           377405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28825238000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
