
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6569448000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  79208                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34213916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   132153                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              520315510                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000050                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006569                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6569448000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            148314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      161924                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      367258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1335853                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6569437                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6569437                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               897152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              778518                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       111281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 271916                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        271916                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               268592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                7053                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       32285                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1663090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1663090                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3550379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1145575                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      161898                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        529154                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     367256                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   924      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1133677     67.92%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.19%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.05%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.02%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     483      0.03%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 274      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                137      0.01%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   159718      9.57%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  102820      6.16%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2180      0.13%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436     15.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1669072                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1383                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1222                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2605                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34406                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35204                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2110456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2159666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2110456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2159666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        37809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        37809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.365887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.931101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.365887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.931101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61339.766320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61347.176457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61339.766320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61347.176457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        30203                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            30203                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2041644000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2089258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2041644000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2089258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.365887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.365887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59339.766320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59347.176457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59339.766320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59347.176457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 31407                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2110456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2159666000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        37809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.365887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.931101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61339.766320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61347.176457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2041644000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2089258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.365887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59339.766320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59347.176457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3532.317089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              61922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            31407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.971599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    37.185866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    94.181539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3400.949684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.022994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.830310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.862382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           107817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          107817                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    138662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    138662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25280.218778                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25280.218778                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25280.218778                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25280.218778                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23280.218778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23280.218778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23280.218778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23280.218778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       5251                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    138662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25280.218778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25280.218778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23280.218778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23280.218778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               231.273897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  255412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  5251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 48.640640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   231.273897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.903414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.903414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1341338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1341338                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       100611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       100611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 100611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4186048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4186048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4186048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           186219000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185418250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2201984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2253056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1932992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1932992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7774169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          335185544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              342959713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7774169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7774169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       294239638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             294239638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       294239638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7774169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         335185544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             637199351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     30202.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       798.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34401.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002399344500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1881                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1881                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               100372                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               28403                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35204                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30203                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35204                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30203                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     328603500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                988584750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9335.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28085.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31741                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    27950                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35204                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30203                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     735.510635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    565.620299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    367.642135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           466      8.19%      8.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          453      7.96%     16.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          523      9.19%     25.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          249      4.38%     29.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      2.83%     32.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          349      6.13%     38.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      2.53%     41.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          295      5.19%     46.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3049     53.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.709197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.242272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      90.396084                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1875     99.68%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.21%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.045189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.042545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.303489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1839     97.77%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                40      2.13%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2252736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1931584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2253056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1932992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        342.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        294.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     342.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     294.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          4.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6419433000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       98145.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2201664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1931584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7774169.153938047588                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 335136833.414314270020                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 294025312.324566662312                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          798                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34406                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30203                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22607750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    965977000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 122028145000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28330.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28075.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4040265.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18592560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9882180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121501380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            76133700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      518141520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1095587880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1600068000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3439907220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         523.621957                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4133327250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    219180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2216940750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22026900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11707575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129819480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            81411120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      518141520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1783637160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1020658080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3567401835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         543.029161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2620549000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    219180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3729719000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2742215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2742215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2775779000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2775779000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70307.796836                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70307.796836                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70376.223315                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70376.223315                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2664211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2664211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2696897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2696897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68307.848114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68307.848114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68376.274023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68376.274023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      39185                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20020.178906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20020.178906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     86625000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86625000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18020.594966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18020.594966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2645978000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2645978000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77376.827699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77376.827699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2577586000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2577586000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75376.827699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75376.827699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.957066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  509048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 39185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 12.990889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.957066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                568095                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               568095                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             37810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            37810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2580775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2580775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           44927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          44927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.841587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34831.270060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70302.506385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68256.413647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34831.270060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70302.506385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68256.413647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2433552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2505157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2433552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2505157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32831.270060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68302.562519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66256.466543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32831.270060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68302.562519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66256.466543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38916                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            37810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2580775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          44927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34831.270060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70302.506385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68256.413647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2433552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2505157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32831.270060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68302.562519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66256.466543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.891338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.009199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    38.785539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    25.596762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   437.509038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.075753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.049994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.854510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120299                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                44927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               44926                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       114827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  125797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4824640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       351040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5175680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            27425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            224647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           197205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6569448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10292472000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  94938                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   151346                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              488490253                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10292472000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            255920                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      467884                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      501176                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2654204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10292461                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10292461                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1751771                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1639958                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       174997                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 274220                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        274220                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               271664                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                8973                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       73502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3180344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3180344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7038725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2420537                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467859                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        969033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     501174                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1872      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2211626     69.34%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.10%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.03%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     69.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     867      0.03%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1042      0.03%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                521      0.02%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   464911     14.58%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  236738      7.42%     91.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2948      0.09%     91.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      8.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3189384                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8248                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2453                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10701                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34443                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35241                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2113467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2162677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2113467000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2162677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        45942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        45942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.767076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.767076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61361.292570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61368.207486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61361.292570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61368.207486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        30239                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            30239                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2044581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2092195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2044581000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2092195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59361.292570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59368.207486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59361.292570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59368.207486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 31444                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2113467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2162677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        45942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.767076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61361.292570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61368.207486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2044581000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2092195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59361.292570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59368.207486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3736.214171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              61995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            31444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.971600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.205766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    73.892384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3590.116020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.017628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.018040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.876493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4086                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           116346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          116346                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    269097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    269097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21787.466602                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21787.466602                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21787.466602                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21787.466602                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19787.628532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19787.628532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19787.628532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19787.628532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      12116                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21787.466602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21787.466602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19787.628532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19787.628532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.259991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  491126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 12116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.535325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.259991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.907266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.907266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2666554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2666554                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       100721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       100721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 100721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4190720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4190720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4190720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           186436000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185626000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2204352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2255424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1935296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1935296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4962073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          214171289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              219133363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4962073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4962073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       188030242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             188030242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       188030242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4962073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         214171289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             407163605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     30238.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       798.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34438.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007405426500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1883                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1883                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               101438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               28437                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35241                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30239                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35241                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30239                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     329677000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                990352000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9356.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28106.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31741                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    27980                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35241                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30239                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     730.808095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    557.284417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    370.496984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           504      8.79%      8.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          455      7.94%     16.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          524      9.14%     25.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          249      4.34%     30.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      2.81%     33.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          350      6.11%     39.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      2.51%     41.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          296      5.16%     46.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3049     53.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.709506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.244953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      90.348046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1877     99.68%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.21%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.047265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.044507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.309943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1839     97.66%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                42      2.23%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2255104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1933888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2255424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1935296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        219.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        187.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     219.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     188.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10167965000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      155283.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2204032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1933888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4962073.251207290217                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 214140198.778291553259                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 187893442.896905601025                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          798                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34443                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30239                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22607750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    967744250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 197351682000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28330.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28096.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   6526395.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18871020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10030185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121758420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            76269420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      811939440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1187743770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2952104160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5178716415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.155745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7647164250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    343460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2301847750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22055460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11722755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129826620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            81463320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      811939440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1845378990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2398306080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5300692665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.006761                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6201558750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    343460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3747453250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2818264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2818264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2851828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2851828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64731.131425                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64731.131425                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64848.170635                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64848.170635                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2731188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2731188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2763874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2763874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62731.131425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62731.131425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62848.170635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62848.170635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43721                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18271.471876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18271.471876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16271.471876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16271.471876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2655520000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2655520000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76680.430828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76680.430828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2586258000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2586258000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74680.430828                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74680.430828                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.419488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  926116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.182407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.419488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1012509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1012509                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         36896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             45943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            45943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2524229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2689441000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2524229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2689441000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           56328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          56328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.815633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18261.523157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68414.706201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58538.645713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18261.523157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68414.706201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58538.645713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2450437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2597557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2450437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2597557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16261.744225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66414.706201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56538.689245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16261.744225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66414.706201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56538.689245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47359                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            45943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2524229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2689441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          56328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18261.523157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68414.706201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58538.645713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2450437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2597557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16261.744225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66414.706201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56538.689245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.547874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.868473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    60.778281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    21.938675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   422.830917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.118708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.042849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.825842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140648                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                56328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               56327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       124403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  149104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5147264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       790400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5937664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            61750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            238573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           219885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10292472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14019154000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106649                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   167416                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              498323999                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000297                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014019                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14019154000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      774022                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      634790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3971831                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14019143                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14019143                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2609286                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2501190                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       239375                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276614                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276614                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               274856                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      114614                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4698256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4698256                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10526373                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3695864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      773997                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1408785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     634788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2811      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3290333     69.85%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.07%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.02%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1266      0.03%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1840      0.04%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                920      0.02%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   770251     16.35%     86.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  370352      7.86%     94.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3746      0.08%     94.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      5.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4710378                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15100                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3441                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18541                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34540                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35338                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2119876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2169086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2119876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2169086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        53879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        53879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.655877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.655877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61374.522293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61381.119475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61374.522293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61381.119475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        30328                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            30328                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2050796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2098410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2050796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2098410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59374.522293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.119475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59374.522293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.119475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 31597                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2119876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2169086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        53879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.655877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61374.522293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61381.119475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2050796000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2098410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59374.522293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.119475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3831.855275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              62246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            31597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.969997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.717547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    64.351188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3678.786541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.021660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.015711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.898141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.935512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4085                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           124718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          124718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    399285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    399285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20792.844868                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20792.844868                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20792.844868                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20792.844868                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360881000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360881000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18792.949018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18792.949018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18792.949018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18792.949018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18968                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    399285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20792.844868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20792.844868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18792.949018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18792.949018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.722534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  726378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.294918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.722534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.909072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3991033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3991033                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       101004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       101004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 101004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4202624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4202624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4202624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           186978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186156750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2210560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2261632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1940992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1940992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3643016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          157681412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              161324428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3643016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3643016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       138452862                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             138452862                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       138452862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3643016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         157681412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             299777290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     30274.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       798.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34533.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007405426500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1885                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1885                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               102675                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               28471                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35338                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30328                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35338                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30328                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     54                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     331078000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                993534250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9370.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28120.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31768                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    28012                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35338                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30328                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     723.186768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    544.735414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    374.838248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           552      9.51%      9.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          477      8.22%     17.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          524      9.03%     26.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          249      4.29%     31.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      2.77%     33.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          350      6.03%     39.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      2.48%     42.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          296      5.10%     47.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3051     52.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1885                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.740053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.259254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      90.310060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1879     99.68%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.21%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1885                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1885                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.049337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.046465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.316238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1839     97.56%     97.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                44      2.33%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1885                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2261184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1936192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2261632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1940992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        161.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        138.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     161.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     138.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13926665000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      212083.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2210112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1936192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3643015.833908379544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 157649455.880147963762                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 138110473.713321059942                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          798                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34540                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30328                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22607750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    970926500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 284669352000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28330.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28110.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   9386354.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19385100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10303425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122436720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            76457340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1106352000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1348617150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4247677920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6931229655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.411407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11013453500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    468000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2537700500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22055460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11722755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129826620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            81463320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1106352000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1899165900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3784057920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7034643975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.788052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9803700750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    468000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3747453250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2900404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2900404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2933968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2933968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60039.827772                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60039.827772                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60187.662831                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60187.662831                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2803788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2836474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2836474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58039.827772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58039.827772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58187.662831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58187.662831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      48491                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    231468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17840.912594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17840.912594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15840.912594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15840.912594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2668936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2668936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75534.499349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75534.499349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2598268000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2598268000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73534.499349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73534.499349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.105460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1368649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 48491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.224805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.105460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1457031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1457031                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             53880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            53880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2544549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2798837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2544549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2798837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.792936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15993.961884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66995.313446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51945.749814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15993.961884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66995.313446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51945.749814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2468587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2691079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2468587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2691079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13994.087678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64995.313446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49945.786934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13994.087678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64995.313446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49945.786934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55517                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            53880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2544549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2798837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15993.961884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66995.313446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51945.749814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2468587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2691079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13994.087678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64995.313446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49945.786934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.263029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  99955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.800440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.915333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.340000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   416.007696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.140460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.812515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               161173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              161173                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       134688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        38405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  173093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5500224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1228928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6729152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            96010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            253920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           243735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14019154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17783558000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112683                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   175506                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              500969072                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017784                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17783558000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            472895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1079986                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      767985                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5289764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17783547                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17783547                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3466072                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3361292                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       304755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 277652                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        277652                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               276240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      155585                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6215936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6215936                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14013525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4971201                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1079961                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1847944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     767983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3862      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4369735     70.13%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.05%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1439      0.02%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2186      0.04%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1093      0.02%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1075869     17.27%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  503547      8.08%     95.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4092      0.07%     95.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      4.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6230682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        21932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        21932                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5381                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27313                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34578                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35377                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2123158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2172448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2123158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2172448000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        62690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        62690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.564316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.564316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61689.612015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61401.989704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61408.485739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61689.612015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61401.989704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61408.485739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        30364                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            30364                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2054002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2101694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2054002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2101694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59689.612015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59401.989704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59408.485739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59689.612015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59401.989704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59408.485739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 31636                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        21932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2123158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2172448000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        62690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.564316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61689.612015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61401.989704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61408.485739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2054002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2101694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59689.612015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59401.989704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59408.485739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3887.769140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              65015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            31636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.055095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    98.514566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    58.595321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3730.659253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.024051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.910805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           133791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          133791                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    529190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    529190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    529190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    529190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20325.318789                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20325.318789                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20325.318789                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20325.318789                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    477120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    477120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18325.395606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18325.395606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18325.395606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18325.395606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      25801                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    529190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    529190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20325.318789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20325.318789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    477120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18325.395606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18325.395606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.992946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  960962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 25801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.245146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.992946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315799                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       101118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       101118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 101118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4207424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4207424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4207424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           187197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186374750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2212992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2264128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1943296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1943296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2875465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          124440340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              127315805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2875465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2875465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       109274871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             109274871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       109274871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2875465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         124440340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             236590675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     30310.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       799.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34571.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007405426500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1887                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1887                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               103755                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               28505                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35377                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30364                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35377                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30364                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     54                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     332398750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                995586250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9397.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28147.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31768                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    28044                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35377                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30364                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     718.689242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    536.859953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    377.493036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           591     10.11%     10.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          479      8.19%     18.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          524      8.96%     27.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          249      4.26%     31.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      2.75%     34.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          350      5.99%     40.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      2.46%     42.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          296      5.06%     47.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3053     52.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.740859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.262335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      90.262179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1881     99.68%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.21%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.051404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.048419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.322383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1839     97.46%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                46      2.44%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2263680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1938496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2264128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1943296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        127.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        109.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     127.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     109.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17733873000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      269753.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2212544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1938496                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2875465.078473047819                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 124415147.969826951623                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 109004958.400338098407                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          799                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34578                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30364                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22654000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    972932250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 371795700000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28352.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28137.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  12244621.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19670700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10455225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122693760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            76645260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1403223120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1440147750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5616130560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8688966375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.595498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14569933000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    593580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2620045000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22076880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11734140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129848040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            81463320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1403223120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1955075490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5182507200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8785928190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.047827                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13438812750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    593580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3751165250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3027007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3027007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3060571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3060571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54046.940561                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54046.940561                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54221.220281                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54221.220281                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2914993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2914993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2947679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2947679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52046.940561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52046.940561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52221.220281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52221.220281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56190                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    346231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17226.279914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17226.279914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    306033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15226.279914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15226.279914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2680776000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2680776000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74656.789573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74656.789573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2608960000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2608960000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72656.789573                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72656.789573                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.506494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1761194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.343549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.506494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1903889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1903889                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         39959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             62691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            62691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2573469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2916664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2573469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2916664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           82482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          82482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.760057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15097.439733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64402.737806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46524.445295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15097.439733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64402.737806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46524.445295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2493551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2791284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2493551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2791284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13097.527714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62402.737806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44524.477198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13097.527714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62402.737806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44524.477198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64492                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            62691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2573469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2916664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          82482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15097.439733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64402.737806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46524.445295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2493551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2791284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13097.527714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62402.737806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44524.477198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.265746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.755753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.421957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.201494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   414.642295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.151215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.809848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               185279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              185279                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                82482                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               82481                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       150685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  202756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6031296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1666240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7697536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           130175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            271447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           282230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17783558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21535168000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117376                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   181978                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              505523787                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000153                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021535                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21535168000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            582428                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1386402                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      901082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6607650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21535157                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21535157                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4325694                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4222118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 278396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        278396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               277232                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12453                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      196550                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7735467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7735467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17502796                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6247854                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1386377                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2287457                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     901080                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4938      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5450703     70.31%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.04%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1563      0.02%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2434      0.03%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1217      0.02%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1382037     17.83%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636644      8.21%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4340      0.06%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7752735                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28755                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7185                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35940                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34670                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35469                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2127190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2176480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2127190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2176480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        71409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        71409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.496702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.496702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61689.612015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61355.350447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61362.880262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61689.612015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61355.350447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61362.880262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        30444                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            30444                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2057850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2105542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2057850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2105542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59689.612015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59355.350447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59362.880262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59689.612015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59355.350447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59362.880262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 31801                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2127190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2176480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        71409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.496702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61689.612015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61355.350447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61362.880262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2057850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2105542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.828336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59689.612015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59355.350447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59362.880262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3924.044732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              65208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            31801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.050502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.029845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    54.833232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3764.181655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.025642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.918990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           142860                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          142860                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    658827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    658827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20050.123254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20050.123254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20050.123254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20050.123254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    593111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    593111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    593111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    593111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18050.184120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18050.184120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18050.184120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18050.184120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      32624                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    658827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20050.123254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20050.123254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    593111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    593111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18050.184120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18050.184120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.168384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1195234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 32624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.636648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.168384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6640508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6640508                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       101382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       101382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 101382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4218432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4218432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4218432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           187689000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186854750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2218880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2270016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1948416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1948416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30444                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30444                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2374535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          103035184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              105409719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2374535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2374535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        90476007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              90476007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        90476007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2374535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         103035184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             195885725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     30341.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       799.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34608.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007405426500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1889                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1889                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               104873                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               28539                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35469                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30444                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35469                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30444                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      62                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    103                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     333231000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                997112250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9411.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28161.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31768                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    28076                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35469                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30444                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     714.699286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    530.001852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    379.765722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           626     10.64%     10.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          481      8.17%     18.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          524      8.90%     27.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          249      4.23%     31.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      2.74%     34.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          350      5.95%     40.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      2.45%     43.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          297      5.05%     48.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3054     51.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.740074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.264083                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      90.214362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1883     99.68%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.21%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.053467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.050369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.328388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1839     97.35%     97.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                48      2.54%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2266048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1940800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2270016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1948416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        105.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         90.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     105.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      90.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21533641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      326697.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2214912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1940800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2374534.528822807595                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 102850927.376094758511                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 90122352.423719197512                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          799                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34670                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30444                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22654000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    974458250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 457346282000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28352.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28106.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  15022542.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19784940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10515945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122786580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            76817520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1699479600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1509458610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6998381760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10437224955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.659556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18162695750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    718900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2653572250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22255380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11821425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130019400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            81478980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1699479600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2032847430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6557633280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10535535495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.224672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17013074250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    718900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3803193750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3138414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3138414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3171978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3171978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50076.812612                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50076.812612                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50260.303275                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50260.303275                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3013070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3013070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3045756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3045756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48076.812612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48076.812612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48260.303275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48260.303275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62855                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    450350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17018.100744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17018.100744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15018.100744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15018.100744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2688064000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2688064000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74237.454776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74237.454776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2615646000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2615646000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72237.454776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72237.454776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.766676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2226705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.426060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.766676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2350067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2350067                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             71410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            71410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2601965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3033859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2601965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3033859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           95970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          95970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.744087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14613.229572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62166.168916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42485.072119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14613.229572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62166.168916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42485.072119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2518255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2518255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12613.297242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60166.168916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40485.100126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12613.297242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60166.168916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40485.100126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73358                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            71410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431894000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2601965000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3033859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          95970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14613.229572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62166.168916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42485.072119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2518255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12613.297242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60166.168916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40485.100126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.916285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 124890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                73358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.702473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.202273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.915516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.798495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.158598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.808200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               207939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              207939                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                95970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               95969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38099                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       164321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  230038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6477440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2102912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           164290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            286465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           315555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21535168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25278400000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120192                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185760                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              506360879                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025278                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25278400000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1692486                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1034345                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7925772                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25278389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25278389                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5184053                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5082588                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       436090                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 280166                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        280166                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               279592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               13928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9253841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9253841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20990747                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7523633                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1692461                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2726804                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1034343                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  5934      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6530422     70.42%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1858      0.02%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3024      0.03%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1512      0.02%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1687531     18.20%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  769907      8.30%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4930      0.05%     97.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9273977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        35540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         8563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        35540                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         8563                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34741                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35589                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2130485000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2182715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2130485000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2182715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        79692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        79692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.446582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.446582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61591.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61324.803546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61331.169743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61591.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61324.803546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61331.169743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        30554                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            30554                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2061003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2111537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2061003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2111537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59591.981132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59324.803546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59331.169743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59591.981132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59324.803546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59331.169743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 32029                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        35540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         8563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2130485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2182715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        79692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.446582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61591.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61324.803546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61331.169743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2061003000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2111537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59591.981132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59324.803546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59331.169743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3949.507913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              78746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            32029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.458584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.738403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    52.189503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3786.580007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.027036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.012742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.924458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           151827                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          151827                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    791515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    791515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19940.921573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19940.921573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19940.921573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19940.921573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    712131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    712131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    712131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    712131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17940.971960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17940.971960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17940.971960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17940.971960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39458                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    791515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19940.921573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19940.921573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    712131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    712131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17940.971960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17940.971960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.291530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1429868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.237721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.291530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7965464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7965464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       101732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       101732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 101732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4233152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4233152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4233152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           188359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          187493500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2223424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2277696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1955456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1955456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2146971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           87957466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90104437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2146971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2146971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        77356795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              77356795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        77356795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2146971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          87957466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             167461232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     30385.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       848.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009268052750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1891                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1891                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               106119                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               28573                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35589                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30554                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35589                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30554                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      95                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    169                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     334166000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                999678500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9414.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28164.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31792                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    28106                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35589                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30554                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     707.523921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    519.017044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    383.309825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           671     11.26%     11.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          503      8.44%     19.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          526      8.83%     28.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          250      4.20%     32.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      2.70%     35.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          350      5.88%     41.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      2.42%     43.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          298      5.00%     48.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3054     51.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.766261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.277730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      90.173732                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1885     99.68%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.21%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.055526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.052315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.334260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1839     97.25%     97.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                50      2.64%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2271616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1943104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2277696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1955456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         89.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         76.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      77.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25113694000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      379687.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2217344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1943104                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2146971.327299196273                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87716944.110386729240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 76868156.212418511510                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          848                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30554                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23957750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    975720750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 536440383000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28252.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28085.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17557124.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19792080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10519740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122786580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            76822740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1995121440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1564135290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8389739040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12178916910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.791447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21779395250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    843960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2655044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22740900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12087075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130640580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            81661680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1995121440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2176738800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7873862400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12292852875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.298693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20433472000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    843960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4000968000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3236838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3236838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3270402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3270402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47158.791905                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47158.791905                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47344.982338                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47344.982338                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3099564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3099564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3132250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3132250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45158.791905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45158.791905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45344.982338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45344.982338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68820                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    537781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16882.153508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16882.153508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14882.153508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14882.153508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2699057000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2699057000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73379.832527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73379.832527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2625493000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2625493000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71379.832527                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71379.832527                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.949307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2652162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.537663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.949307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2795379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2795379                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           25772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               29076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              29076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         36389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             79693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            79693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2623955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3147533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2623955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3147533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          108769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         108769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14388.359120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60593.825051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39495.727354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14388.359120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60593.825051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39495.727354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2537347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2988149000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2537347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2988149000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12388.414081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58593.825051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37495.752450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12388.414081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58593.825051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37495.752450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82063                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              29076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            79693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523578000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2623955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3147533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         108769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14388.359120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60593.825051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39495.727354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450802000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2537347000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2988149000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12388.414081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58593.825051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37495.752450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.372922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 138203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.684109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    83.014683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.298216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   414.060023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.162138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.808711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230029                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               108769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              108768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       176837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        79385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  256222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6896704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2540288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9436992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           198460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            302194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           345380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25278400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29026173000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123921                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   191096                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              513847895                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029026                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29026173000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            799734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1998708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1167838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9242973                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29026173                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29026173                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6042247                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5943722                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       500969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 282128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        282128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               282208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      278630                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10772039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10772039                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            24478217                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8799120                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1998682                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3166518                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1167836                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6917      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7609551     70.49%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2185      0.02%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3678      0.03%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1839      0.02%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1993098     18.46%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  903400      8.37%     97.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                5584      0.05%     97.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10795111                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           52499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42386                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10113                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          52499                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34848                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35696                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2135556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2187786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2135556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2187786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        88195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.404739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.404739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61591.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61282.024793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61289.388167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61591.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61282.024793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61289.388167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        30668                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            30668                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2065860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2116394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2065860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2116394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59591.981132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59282.024793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59289.388167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59591.981132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59282.024793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59289.388167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 32237                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          52499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2135556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2187786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.404739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61591.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61282.024793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61289.388167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2065860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2116394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59591.981132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59282.024793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59289.388167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3968.422535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             124538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            36333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.427683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.404402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    50.228280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3801.789853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.028419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.012263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.928171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           160871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          160871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    921589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    921589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19802.935236                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19802.935236                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19802.935236                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19802.935236                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    828513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    828513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17802.935236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17802.935236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17802.935236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17802.935236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      46304                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    921589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19802.935236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19802.935236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17802.935236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17802.935236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.383005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9242973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 46538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                198.611307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.383005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9289511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9289511                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       102060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       102060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 102060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4247296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4247296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4247296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           189036000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          188057000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2230272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2284544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1962752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1962752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30668                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30668                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1869761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76836585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               78706345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1869761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1869761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        67620075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              67620075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        67620075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1869761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76836585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             146326421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     30461.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       848.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34704.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009268052750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1895                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1895                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               107311                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               28641                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35696                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30668                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35696                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30668                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    207                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     335080000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1001680000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9425.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28175.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    28170                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35696                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30668                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     701.501661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    509.457766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.266844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           721     11.98%     11.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          508      8.44%     20.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          529      8.79%     29.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          251      4.17%     33.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          162      2.69%     36.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          350      5.81%     41.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          145      2.41%     44.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          299      4.97%     49.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3055     50.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.756201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.271425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      90.078862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1889     99.68%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.21%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.059631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.056196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.345633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1839     97.04%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.05%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                54      2.85%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2275328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1947712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2284544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1962752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         67.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      78.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      67.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28959657000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      436376.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2221056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1947712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1869760.784516787622                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76519078.143715336919                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 67101922.116980426013                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          848                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34848                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30668                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23957750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    977722250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 629735559000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28252.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28056.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  20533962.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19792080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10519740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122786580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            76822740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2290763280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1618146780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9783400800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13922232000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.644078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25402108250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    969020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2655044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              23190720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12326160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            131054700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            82037520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2290763280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2298130560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9210782880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14048285820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.986842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23907881750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    969020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4149271250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3344398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3344398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3377962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3377962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44567.015804                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44567.015804                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44752.480757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44752.480757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3194314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3194314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3227000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3227000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42567.015804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42567.015804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42752.480757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42752.480757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      75225                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    628317000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    628317000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16844.959786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16844.959786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553717000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553717000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14844.959786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14844.959786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2716081000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2716081000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71964.416300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71964.416300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2640597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2640597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69964.416300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69964.416300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33564000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32686000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74455.580866                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.084969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3166018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 75481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.944569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.084969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3241499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3241499                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               33824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              33824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         43234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         44961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             88195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            88195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2650353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3262929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2650353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3262929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          122019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         122019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.722797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14168.848591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58947.821445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36996.757186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14168.848591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58947.821445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36996.757186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526108000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2560431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3086539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526108000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2560431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3086539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12168.848591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56947.821445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34996.757186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12168.848591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56947.821445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34996.757186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90802                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              33824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            88195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2650353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3262929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         122019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14168.848591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58947.821445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36996.757186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526108000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2560431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3086539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12168.848591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56947.821445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34996.757186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.712123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 161741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.771262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.069331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    11.070567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   416.572225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.021622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.813618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               253055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              253055                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39722                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       190684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        93076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  283760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7372992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10351424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           232690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            320629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           377405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29026173000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
