
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18598121000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  46802                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34209496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    84348                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              870416472                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018598                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18598121000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            200427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            15                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      249167                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         98945                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1250607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18598110                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18598110                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1002046                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              798720                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199849                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1851257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1851257                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3404395                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1401875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        449292                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1401882     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200079     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  248981     13.45%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1851720                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             47                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        198490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       198490                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12292748000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12317575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12292748000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12317575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       198537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       198537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59680.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62061.391197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62056.400826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59680.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62061.391197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62056.400826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       196852                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           196852                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       198490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       198490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11896600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11920595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11896600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11920595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57680.288462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60061.391197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60056.400826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57680.288462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60061.391197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60056.400826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                196895                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             47                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       198490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12292748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12317575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       198537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59680.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62061.391197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62056.400826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11896600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11920595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57680.288462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60061.391197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60056.400826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1587.839702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             393750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           196895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.997610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   390.229921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1196.612170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.023818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.073035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.096914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1596                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          572                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097412                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           594898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          594898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71167.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71167.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71167.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71167.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69167.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69167.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69167.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69167.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71167.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71167.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69167.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69167.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.642080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.642080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1251067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1251067                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              198490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       196852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       593832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       593832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 593832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25301888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25301888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25301888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1182750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1049380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12676736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12703360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12598528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12598528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           198074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               198490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        196852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              196852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1431542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          681613804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              683045346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1431542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1431542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       677408648                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             677408648                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       677408648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1431542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         681613804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1360453994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    196852.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       416.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    198074.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016659750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12302                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12302                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               585832                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              185006                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       198490                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      196852                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     198490                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    196852                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1988787500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   992450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5710475000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10019.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28769.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    171678                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   171984                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 198490                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                196852                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   198490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        51651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     489.753461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    475.447988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     81.490895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           532      1.03%      1.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1488      2.88%      3.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1230      2.38%      6.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1201      2.33%      8.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        47185     91.35%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         51651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.134531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.006047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      14.921419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           12301     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12302    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12703360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12597248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12703360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12598528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        683.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        677.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     683.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     677.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18598075000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47043.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        26624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12676736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12597248                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1431542.466037294827                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 681613803.889113306999                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 677339823.738107800484                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          416                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       198074                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       196852                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10962250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5699512750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 460673117250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26351.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28774.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2340200.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             184226280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              97899615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            708130920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           513835920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1467760320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7654051770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         696161280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11322066105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         608.774731                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1746759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    620880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16230482000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             184626120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              98115930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            709087680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           513627120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1467760320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7656363690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         694214400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11323795260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         608.867706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1741463250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    620880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16235777750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15660606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15660606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15660606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15660606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79048.855956                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79048.855956                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79048.855956                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79048.855956                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15264382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15264382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15264382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15264382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77048.866051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77048.866051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77048.866051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77048.866051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     197971                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63762.711864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63762.711864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61762.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61762.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15653082000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15653082000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79057.966110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79057.966110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15257094000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15257094000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77057.976212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77057.976212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.808538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                197971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.808538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                597939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               597939                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        198082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            198538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           198538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14471653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14501576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14471653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14501576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65620.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73058.899850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73041.815673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65620.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73058.899850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73041.815673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14075491000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14104502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14075491000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14104502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63620.614035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71058.909946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71041.825746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63620.614035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71058.909946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71041.825746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    198207                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           198538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14471653000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14501576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65620.614035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73058.899850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73041.815673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14075491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14104502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63620.614035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71058.909946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71041.825746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.345546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 396055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               198207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.961565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.570918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.813063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               595107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              595107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198572                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        197933                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       594158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  595078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     25346880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 25376320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1188238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           990560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18598121000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                37206514000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  48824                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34213036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    87940                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              908286802                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.037207                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37206514000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            400427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      499142                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        198916                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2500637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         37206503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   37206503                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2002084                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1598666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399838                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3701280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3701280                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6804501                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2801923                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400124                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        899264                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     499140                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2801942     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400076     10.81%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  498956     13.48%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3701752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    12                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             47                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        398431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       398431                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24601992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24626819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24601992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24626819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       398478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       398478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59680.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61811.720664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.495245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59680.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61811.720664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.495245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       396793                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           396793                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       398431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       398431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23805962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23829957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23805962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23829957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57680.288462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59811.720664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59809.495245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57680.288462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59811.720664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59809.495245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                396836                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             47                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       398431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24601992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24626819000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       398478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59680.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61811.720664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.495245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23805962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23829957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.912281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57680.288462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59811.720664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59809.495245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1591.920977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             793632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           396836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.998806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   390.615067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1200.307105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.023841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.073261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.097163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1596                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          572                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097412                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1194721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1194721                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71167.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71167.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71167.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71167.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69167.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69167.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69167.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69167.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71167.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71167.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69167.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69167.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.821090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.821090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2501097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2501097                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              398431                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             398431                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       396793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1193655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1193655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1193655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50894336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50894336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50894336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2382396000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2107194500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25472960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25499584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25394752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25394752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           398015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               398431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        396793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              396793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             715574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          684637104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              685352678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        715574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            715574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       682535107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             682535107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       682535107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            715574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         684637104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1367887784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    396793.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       416.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    398015.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016659750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24798                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24798                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1177674                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              372773                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       398431                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      396793                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     398431                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    396793                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3892975250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1992155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11363556500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9770.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28520.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    344498                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   345217                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 398431                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                396793                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   398431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       105481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     482.447303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    465.084091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     91.190566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1366      1.30%      1.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4309      4.09%      5.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3932      3.73%      9.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2531      2.40%     11.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        93328     88.48%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        105481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.066981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.003230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      10.509702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           24797    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.026941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24796     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25499584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25393536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25499584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25394752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        685.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        682.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     685.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     682.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    37206468000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46787.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        26624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25472960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25393536                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 715573.622403861838                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 684637104.137194871902                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 682502424.172283291817                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          416                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       398015                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       396793                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10962250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11352594250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 923546662000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26351.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28523.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2327527.61                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             376377960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             200030655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1421909580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1035674100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2936749920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15437247300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1287514560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22695504075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         609.987382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3220473000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1242280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32743761000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             376820640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             200269740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1422887760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1035486180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2936749920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15422273970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1300123680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22694611890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         609.963403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3253017000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1242280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32711217000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31368847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31368847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31368847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31368847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78805.506288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78805.506288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78805.506288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78805.506288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30572741000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30572741000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30572741000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30572741000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76805.511313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76805.511313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76805.511313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76805.511313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     397912                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64042.016807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64042.016807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62042.016807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62042.016807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31361226000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31361226000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78809.921218                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78809.921218                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30565358000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30565358000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76809.926244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76809.926244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.904295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                397912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.003370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.904295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1197867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1197867                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        398023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            398479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           398479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28980248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  29010171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28980248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  29010171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          398514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         398514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65620.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72810.485826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72802.258086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65620.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72810.485826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72802.258086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28184204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28213215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28184204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28213215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63620.614035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70810.490851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70802.263105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63620.614035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70810.490851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70802.263105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    398150                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           398479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28980248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29010171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         398514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65620.614035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72810.485826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72802.258086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28184204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28213215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63620.614035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70810.490851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70802.263105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.672863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 795937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               398150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.980871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.785518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.906475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1194932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1194932                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               398514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              398513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        397874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1193981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1194901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50939328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50968768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2387884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1990265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  37206514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                49902200000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  49841                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34221856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    87948                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              828769152                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3001033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.049902                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 49902200000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            574793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3001033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      580982                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      688321                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3788335                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         49902189                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   49902189                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2910848                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2387893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       562999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1078                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5423833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5423833                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10112984                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4175104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      580964                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1269263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     688299                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1426      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4141450     76.33%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13100      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   580906     10.71%     87.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  688069     12.68%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5425621                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          243                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           97                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            340                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        521860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       521860                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32150160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32199361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32150160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32199361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       522200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       522200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59928.136419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61703.941548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61701.147817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59928.136419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61703.941548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61701.147817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       519237                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           519237                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       521860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       521860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31108082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31155641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31108082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31155641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57928.136419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59703.941548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59701.147817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57928.136419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59703.941548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59701.147817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                519496                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           97                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       521860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32150160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32199361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       522200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59928.136419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61703.941548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61701.147817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       521860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31108082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31155641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57928.136419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59703.941548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59701.147817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1613.217792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1038736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           519496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.287962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   399.392382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1211.537448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.073946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.098463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          563                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.147644                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1564649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1564649                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63366.604478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63366.604478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63366.604478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63366.604478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61366.604478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61366.604478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61366.604478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61366.604478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        818                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63366.604478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63366.604478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61366.604478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61366.604478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               217.786887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3275495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               4004.272616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   217.786887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.850730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.850730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3789407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3789407                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              521860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             521860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       519237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1562957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1562957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1562957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66630208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66630208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66630208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3118045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2760509500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           52544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33346496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33399040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        52544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          52544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33231168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33231168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               521860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        519237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              519237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1052940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          668236992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              669289931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1052940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1052940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       665925911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             665925911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       665925911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1052940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         668236992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1335215842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    519237.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       821.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521039.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000187862500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32450                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32450                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1542484                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              487703                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       521860                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      519237                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     521860                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    519237                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5041896500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2609300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14826771500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9661.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28411.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    450986                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   450880                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 521860                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                519237                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   521860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.651034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    459.297294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     96.556614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2139      1.54%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6460      4.64%      6.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6073      4.36%     10.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3350      2.41%     12.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121128     87.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           26      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.069492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.006230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.401132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32446     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.023552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32448     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33399040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33229184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33399040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33231168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        669.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        665.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     669.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     665.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    49878562000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47909.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        52544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33346496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33229184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1052939.549759329297                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 668236991.555482506752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 665886153.315885901451                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          821                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521039                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       519237                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21848750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14804922750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1207219684500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26612.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28414.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2324987.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             496694100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             263999175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1863697080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1355143320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3939227760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20418218520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1968202560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         30305182515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         607.291512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4949083500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1666203750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43286912750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             497193900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264264825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1862383320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1355112000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3939227760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20249540700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2110247040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         30277969545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         606.746186                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5318968500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1666203750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42917027750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41008486000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41008486000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41022816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41022816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78588.320743                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78588.320743                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78586.264631                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78586.264631                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39964860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39964860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39978798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39978798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76588.324575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76588.324575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76586.268462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76586.268462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     521753                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31324.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31324.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29326.510721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29326.510721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40976347000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40976347000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78681.434672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78681.434672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39934771000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39934771000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76681.434672                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76681.434672                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14330000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14330000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13938000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13938000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               143.949292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1083279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                521753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.076230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.949292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.562302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.562302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1661247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1661247                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        521137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            522201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           522201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37882850000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37944241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37882850000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37944241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          523082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         523082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57698.308271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72692.689254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72662.137759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57698.308271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72692.689254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72662.137759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36840578000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36899841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36840578000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36899841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55698.308271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70692.693092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70662.141589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55698.308271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70692.693092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70662.141589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    522001                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           522201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37882850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37944241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         523082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57698.308271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72692.689254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72662.137759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36840578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36899841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55698.308271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70692.693092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70662.141589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              396.495210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1042404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               522001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.339337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.755727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   115.400146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.493664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.225391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.774405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1566672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1566672                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               523082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              523081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        521090                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1565109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1567253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66758336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66826944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3128532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2610045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  49902200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                53117509000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  64621                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34221988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   109999                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              857626501                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4002335                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.053118                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53117509000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            712004                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4002335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      728052                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      762828                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5134735                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         53117500                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   53117500                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3675812                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3202346                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       672901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3564                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6938398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6938398                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13213945                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5512962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      727929                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1490639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     762710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4122      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5401783     77.80%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    45965      0.66%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   727871     10.48%     89.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  762480     10.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6942891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          690                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          670                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1360                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522450                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32183103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32235841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32183103000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32235841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       523810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       523810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60066.059226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61704.046613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61701.293904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60066.059226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61704.046613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61701.293904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       519292                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           519292                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31139959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31190941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31139959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31190941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58066.059226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59704.046613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59701.293904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58066.059226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59704.046613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59701.293904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                519818                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32183103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32235841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       523810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60066.059226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61704.046613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61701.293904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31139959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31190941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.559949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58066.059226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59704.046613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59701.293904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1673.250828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1039094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           519818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     7.023369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   417.980942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1248.246516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.025512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.076187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.102127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          562                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.169128                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1567525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1567525                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51242.251739                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51242.251739                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51242.251739                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51242.251739                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49242.251739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49242.251739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49242.251739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49242.251739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1326                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81014000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81014000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51242.251739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51242.251739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49242.251739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49242.251739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               220.015132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3576765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2697.409502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.015132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.859434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.859434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5136316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5136316                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       519292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1564192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1564192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1564192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66671488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66671488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66671488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3118910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2763662000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33380608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33436800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33234688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33234688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        519292                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              519292                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1057881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          628429469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              629487350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1057881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1057881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       625682353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             625682353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       625682353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1057881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         628429469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1255169703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    519292.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       878.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521571.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005189276500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32453                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32453                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1544543                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              487754                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522450                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      519292                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522450                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    519292                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5047670250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2612245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14843589000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9661.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28411.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451350                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   450913                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522450                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                519292                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.101745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    458.048352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     97.930502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2324      1.67%      1.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6481      4.65%      6.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6086      4.36%     10.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3355      2.41%     13.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121131     86.87%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           41      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.095122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.010446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.818414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32446     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.030402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32448     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33436736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33232640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33436800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33234688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        629.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        625.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     629.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     625.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    53100735000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       50973.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33380544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33232640                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1057880.933384884382                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 628428264.585976719856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 625643796.662226796150                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          878                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       519292                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23485500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14820103500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1273121709000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26748.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28414.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2451648.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             498057840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             264724020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1865146500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1355315580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4192459440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20780839410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2897469600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         31854012390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         599.689500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7360837000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1773460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43983212000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             497586600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264473550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865139360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1355221620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4192459440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20323889790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3282269280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         31781039640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         598.315701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8365221750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1773460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42978827250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41079268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41079268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41093598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41093598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78378.946445                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78378.946445                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78376.977610                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78376.977610                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40031048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40031048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40044986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40044986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76378.950261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76378.950261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76376.981425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76376.981425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     524050                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24693.736344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24693.736344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     62317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22693.736344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22693.736344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41011459000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41011459000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78661.703413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78661.703413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39968731000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39968731000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76661.707249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76661.707249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14330000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14330000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13938000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13938000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               150.731945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                524050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.521809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.731945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.588797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.588797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1885118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1885118                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        522243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            523811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           523811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71366000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37929105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38000471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71366000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37929105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38000471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          525888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         525888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.996050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45514.030612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72627.311424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72546.149279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45514.030612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72627.311424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72546.149279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36884621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36952851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36884621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36952851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43514.030612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70627.315254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70546.153097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43514.030612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70627.315254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70546.153097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    524057                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           523811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71366000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37929105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38000471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         525888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45514.030612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72627.311424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72546.149279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36884621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36952851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43514.030612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70627.315254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70546.153097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              403.010134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1046661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               524057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.450211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.074692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   126.485231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.476708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.247041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.787129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1572896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1572896                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               525888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              525887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        522439                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1571052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1574214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66991680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67092864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3138083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2621530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  53117509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                56304951000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  78613                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34221988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   130658                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    63.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              884816028                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002522                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8314395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.056305                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56304951000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            846715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8314395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      879257                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      829701                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6478748                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         56304940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   56304940                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4420598                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3998418                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       777386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4848                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8437570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8437570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16298378                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6847892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      879089                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1708618                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     829529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6514      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6647748     78.72%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    81203      0.96%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   879031     10.41%     90.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  829299      9.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8444465                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1004                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1605                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2609                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522773                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32203022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32256892000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32203022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32256892000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       525382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       525382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60055.741360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61706.271222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61703.439160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60055.741360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61706.271222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61703.439160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       519460                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           519460                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31159270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31211346000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31159270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31211346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58055.741360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59706.271222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59703.439160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58055.741360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59706.271222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59703.439160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                520096                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32203022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32256892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       525382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60055.741360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61706.271222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61703.439160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31159270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31211346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.471857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58055.741360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59706.271222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59703.439160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1739.204287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1039604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           520096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.728412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   431.301769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1293.174107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.078929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.106153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          562                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.176514                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1570391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1570391                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6476834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6476834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6476834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6476834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6478748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6478748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46205.329154                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46205.329154                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46205.329154                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46205.329154                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44205.329154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44205.329154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44205.329154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44205.329154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1659                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6476834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6476834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6478748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46205.329154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46205.329154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44205.329154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44205.329154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.995637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3873570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2334.882459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.995637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.867170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.867170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6480662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6480662                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       519460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1565006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1565006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1565006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66702912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66702912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66702912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3120073000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2765401250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           57408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33400064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33457472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        57408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          57408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33245440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33245440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        519460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              519460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1019591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          593199415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              594219006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1019591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1019591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       590453227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             590453227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       590453227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1019591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         593199415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1184672232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    519460.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       897.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521870.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005189276500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32463                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32463                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1546160                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              487912                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522773                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      519460                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522773                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    519460                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5052025500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2613835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14853906750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9664.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28414.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451484                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451056                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522773                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                519460                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.608965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    456.928581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     99.102989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2496      1.79%      1.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6491      4.65%      6.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6093      4.36%     10.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3359      2.41%     13.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121132     86.74%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.101562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.013172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.841746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32454     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.036811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32453     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33457088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33243392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33457472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33245440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        594.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        590.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     594.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     590.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    56262621000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       53982.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        57408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33399680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33243392                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1019590.621790968231                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 593192595.088129997253                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 590416853.395361304283                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          897                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521876                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       519460                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     23983500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14829923250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1351428824500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26737.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28416.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2601603.25                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             499128840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             265293270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1866638760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1355837580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4444461840.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21060665520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3885804000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33377829810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         592.804526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9927093750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1880060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44497797250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             498007860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264697455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865917620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1355576580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4444461840.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20447627670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4402046400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33278335425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         591.037464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11274950750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1880060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43149940250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1052153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1052153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1052161                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1052161                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41139868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41139868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41154198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41154198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1578684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1578684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1578888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1578888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.333525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.333606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78133.800289                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78133.800289                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78131.931722                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78131.931722                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40086808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40086808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40100746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40100746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76133.804088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76133.804088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76131.935519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76131.935519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     526470                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          874450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              874450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102314000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102314000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       879050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          879050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22242.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22242.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20242.173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20242.173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         177703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             177703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41037554000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41037554000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.746006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78626.396976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78626.396976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39993694000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39993694000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76626.400808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76626.400808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14330000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14330000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13938000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13938000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               156.691205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1471604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                526470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.795229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   156.691205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.612075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.612075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2105614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2105614                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        523482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            525383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           525383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37964523000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38041312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37964523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38041312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          528641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         528641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40394.003156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72523.072427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72406.819406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40394.003156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72523.072427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72406.819406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36917561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36990548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36917561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36990548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38394.003156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70523.076247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70406.823213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38394.003156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70523.076247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70406.823213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    526333                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           525383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37964523000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38041312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         528641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40394.003156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72523.072427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72406.819406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36917561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36990548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38394.003156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70523.076247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70406.823213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              409.180086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1050325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               526333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    36.689488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.461900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.028698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.071659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.454027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.273494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.799180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1579200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1579200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               528641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              528640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        523714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1577167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1580995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67228160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       122496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67350656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             9570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3147211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2633630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  56304951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                59580673000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  91716                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   150284                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    65.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              910662460                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000557                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9832448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.059581                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59580673000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            979504                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9832448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1045315                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      899783                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7826045                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         59580672                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   59580672                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5172908                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4802443                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       880959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        6006                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9950015                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9950015                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19436418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8196943                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1045094                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1944617                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     899523                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12060      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7889995     79.20%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   115467      1.16%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1045036     10.49%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  899293      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9962521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1639                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2880                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4519                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523540                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32247087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32303790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32247087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32303790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       528059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60580.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61704.631040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61702.620621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60580.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61704.631040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61702.620621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       519800                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           519800                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31201879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31256710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31201879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31256710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58580.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59704.631040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59702.620621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58580.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59704.631040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59702.620621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                520864                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32247087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32303790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60580.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61704.631040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61702.620621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31201879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31256710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58580.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59704.631040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59702.620621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1808.575616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1041424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           520864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.248953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   443.578829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1339.747834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.081772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.110387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          285                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.194946                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1575222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1575222                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7823430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7823430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7823430                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7823430                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7826045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7826045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39931.548757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39931.548757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39931.548757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39931.548757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37931.548757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37931.548757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37931.548757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37931.548757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       2360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7823430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7823430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7826045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39931.548757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39931.548757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37931.548757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37931.548757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               223.810204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4607070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  2360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               1952.148305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   223.810204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.874259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.874259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7828660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7828660                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       519800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1566880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1566880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1566880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66773760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66773760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66773760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3122540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2769494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           59904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33446656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33506560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33267200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33267200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        519800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              519800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1005427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          561367543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              562372970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1005427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1005427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       558355559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             558355559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       558355559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1005427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         561367543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1120728529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    519800.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       936.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522582.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005189276500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32483                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32483                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1548830                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488238                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      519800                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523540                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    519800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5059433500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2617590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14875396000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9664.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28414.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451987                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451355                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523540                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                519800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.112736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    455.715224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    100.598052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2680      1.92%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6523      4.66%      6.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6103      4.36%     10.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3373      2.41%     13.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121139     86.56%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           72      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.115045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.020364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.864920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32471     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.052913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32461     99.93%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                15      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33505152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33265344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33506560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33267200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        562.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        558.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     562.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     558.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    59574444000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       57099.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        59904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33445248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33265344                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1005426.709429750801                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 561343910.969250082970                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 558324408.319456219673                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          936                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522604                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       519800                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25513500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14849882500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1464275362750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27258.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28415.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2816997.62                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             500206980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             265866315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1869894600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1357126920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4703225280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21210259740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5017707360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         34924287195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         586.168055                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12867432500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1989520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44723720500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             499014600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             265232550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1868023920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1356077700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4703225280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20708027610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5440639680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         34840241340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         584.757432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13971999750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1989520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43619153250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1285062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1285062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1285070                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1285070                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41238905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41238905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41253235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41253235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1814819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1814819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1815023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1815023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.291906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.291981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77844.945890                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77844.945890                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77843.195529                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77843.195529                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40179391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40179391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40193329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40193329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75844.945890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75844.945890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75843.195529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75843.195529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     529697                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1038281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1038281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1045108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1045108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21934.671159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21934.671159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19934.671159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19934.671159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         246781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             246781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41089157000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41089157000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       769711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         769711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.679385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78574.870442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78574.870442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40043297000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40043297000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76574.870442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76574.870442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14330000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14330000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13938000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13938000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               162.151163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1797924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                529697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.394250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   162.151163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.633403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.633403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2344976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2344976                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        525484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            528059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           528059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88306000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38033171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38121477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88306000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38033171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38121477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          532568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         532568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.991533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34293.592233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72377.410159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72191.700170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34293.592233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72377.410159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72191.700170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36982203000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37065359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36982203000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37065359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32293.592233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70377.410159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70191.700170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32293.592233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70377.410159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70191.700170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    529860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           528059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38033171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38121477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         532568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34293.592233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72377.410159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72191.700170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36982203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37065359000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32293.592233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70377.410159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70191.700170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              414.833085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1056663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               529860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.469627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.976440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.387018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.082948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.433548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.810221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1588219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1588219                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        525279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1585185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1590415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67534848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       167360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67702208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            13075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3158963000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2649765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  59580673000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                62827722000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104255                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   169000                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    67.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              935728265                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11347155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.062828                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62827722000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1110509                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11347155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1207392                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      980019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260168                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9172099                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         62827722                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   62827722                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5934978                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5610817                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       986239                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        8317                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11461735                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11461735                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22575477                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9532463                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1207070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186702                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     979632                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14978      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9126838     79.52%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   148331      1.29%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1207012     10.52%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  979402      8.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11477231                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2423                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3667                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6090                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523908                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32269899000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32327313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32269899000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32327313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       529998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60691.331924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61706.011144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61704.178978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60691.331924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61706.011144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61704.178978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       519933                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           519933                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31223975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31279497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31223975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31279497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58691.331924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59706.011144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59704.178978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58691.331924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59706.011144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59704.178978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                521094                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32269899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32327313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60691.331924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61706.011144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61704.178978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31223975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31279497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.280795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58691.331924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59706.011144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59704.178978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1884.854405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1053924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           524481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.009461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    37.810141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   452.226880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1394.817385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.085133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.115042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.206726                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1578405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1578405                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9168685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9168685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9168685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9168685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    120283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    120283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9172099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9172099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35232.278852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35232.278852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35232.278852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35232.278852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33232.278852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33232.278852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33232.278852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33232.278852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3159                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9168685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9168685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9172099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35232.278852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35232.278852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33232.278852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33232.278852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               225.422148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9172099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2686.613650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   225.422148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.880555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.880555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9175513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9175513                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       519933                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1567749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1567749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1567749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66805824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66805824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66805824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3123573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2771476250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           60544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33469568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33530112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        60544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          60544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33275712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33275712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        519933                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              519933                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             963651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          532719744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              533683395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        963651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            963651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       529634227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             529634227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       529634227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            963651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         532719744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1063317623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    519933.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       946.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522937.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005189276500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32491                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32491                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1550522                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488366                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523908                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      519933                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523908                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    519933                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5063856500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2619415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14886662750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9666.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28416.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    452145                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451468                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523908                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                519933                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       140177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     476.558637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    454.497910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    101.805934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2858      2.04%      2.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6550      4.67%      6.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6108      4.36%     11.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3377      2.41%     13.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121141     86.42%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           79      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        140177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.120433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.022457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.883080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32477     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             8      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.056827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32464     99.92%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                18      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33528512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33274048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33530112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33275712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        533.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        529.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     533.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     529.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    62815456000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60177.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        60544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33467968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33274048                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 963651.045632372261                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 532694277.853970229626                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 529607742.263836979866                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          946                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522962                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       519933                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25890250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14860772500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1521941159750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27368.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28416.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2927187.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             500456880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             265999140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1870901340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1357774200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4959530160.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21283476810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6202917600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36441056130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         580.015556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15947945750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2097940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44781836250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             500406900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             265972575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1869623280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1356140340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4959530160.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21121635000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6339205440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36412513695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         579.561260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16303578750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2097940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44426203250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1525263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1525263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1525271                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1525271                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41297239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41297239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41311569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41311569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2057128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2057128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2057332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2057332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.258547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77646.092523                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77646.092523                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77644.422350                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77644.422350                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40233509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40233509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40247447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40247447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75646.092523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75646.092523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75644.422350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75644.422350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     531805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1198868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1198868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1207185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1207185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21087.892269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21087.892269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19087.892269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19087.892269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         326395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             326395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41121851000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41121851000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       849943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         849943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.615980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78544.567069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78544.567069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40074755000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40074755000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76544.567069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76544.567069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14330000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14330000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13938000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13938000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71112.244898                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               167.001439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2057332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                532061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.866722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   167.001439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.652349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.652349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2589393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2589393                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        526629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            529998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           529998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38070152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38169471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38070152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38169471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          535475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         535475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.989772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29480.261205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72290.268861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72018.141578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29480.261205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72290.268861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72018.141578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37016894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37109475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92581000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37016894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37109475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27480.261205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70290.268861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70018.141578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27480.261205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70290.268861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70018.141578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    532318                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           529998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38070152000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38169471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         535475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29480.261205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72290.268861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72018.141578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92581000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37016894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37109475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27480.261205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70290.268861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70018.141578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              419.854845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1061802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               532830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    47.253315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   212.249451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   160.352079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.092292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.414550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.313188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.820029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1594632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1594632                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        526327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1590449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1597277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67736832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       218496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            17070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3167110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2660305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  62827722000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
