
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11910524000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 146998                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1283436                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   183648                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     6.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1750767837                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1249353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011911                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11910524000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             51123                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1249353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      802859                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3122                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1534781                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11910513                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11910513                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               259367                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              267609                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        48519                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 757193                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        757193                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               758857                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1248226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1248226                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3011625                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             394824                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        813672                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     802858                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    434131     34.71%     34.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     34.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.01%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.08%     34.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     34.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.03%     34.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.04%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.83%     35.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48084      3.84%     39.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.03%     39.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             754774     60.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1250910                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1533822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1533822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1533822                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1533822                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1534781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1534781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1533822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1533822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1534781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.935170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.935170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.960684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.960684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1535740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1535740                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        99047                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       300099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       300099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 300099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     12772672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     12772672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12772672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           595761000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          530621500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6376768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6433664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      6339008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          6339008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            99637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         99047                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               99047                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4776952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          535389375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              540166327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4776952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4776952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       532219069                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             532219069                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       532219069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4776952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         535389375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1072385396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     99046.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     99632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000295563750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          5999                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          5999                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               297284                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               93188                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100526                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       99047                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100526                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     99047                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               6146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               6163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               6202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               6155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               6210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               6161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               6162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               6211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              6209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              6272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              6272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              6210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              6214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     875860750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   502605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2760629500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8713.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27463.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     92554                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    91417                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100526                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 99047                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   100521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    6020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    6039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     820.299351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    670.407201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    342.647314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           542      3.48%      3.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1774     11.40%     14.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          505      3.24%     18.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          416      2.67%     20.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          444      2.85%     23.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          356      2.29%     25.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          417      2.68%     28.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          370      2.38%     30.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10743     69.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.754626                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.539680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.501819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            5989     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              3      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           5999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.505918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.484144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.864777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              4428     73.81%     73.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               136      2.27%     76.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1406     23.44%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                29      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           5999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6433344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  6337216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6433664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               6339008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        540.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        532.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     540.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     532.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11910440000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59679.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6376448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      6337216                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4776951.878859401681                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 535362507.980337381363                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 532068614.277591824532                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        99637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        99047                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2736484000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 291150414500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27464.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2939517.75                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              55342140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              29411250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            359227680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           259308720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      939784560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3897251880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1291745280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6832071510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         573.616367                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3297040750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    397540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8215943250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              55820520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29665515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            358492260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           257570460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      939784560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3898162170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1290978720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6830474205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         573.482259                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3295417250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    397540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8217566750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           712399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               712399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          712399                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              712399                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         99765                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             99765                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7349328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7349328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7349328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7349328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       812164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           812164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       812164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          812164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73666.396031                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73666.396031                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73666.396031                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73666.396031                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           99336                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 99336                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7149800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7149800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7149800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7149800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71666.416078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71666.416078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71666.416078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71666.416078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      99508                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         701814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             701814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        99488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            99488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7333998000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7333998000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       801302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         801302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73717.413155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73717.413155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7135024000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7135024000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124158                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124158                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71717.433258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71717.433258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.504873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  810120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 99508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.141255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.504873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                911928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               911928                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         99638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6749594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6809613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6749594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6809613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          100724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         100724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67741.163010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67739.144707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67741.163010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67739.144707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          99047                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                99047                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6550320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6608561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6550320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6608561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65741.183083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65739.164603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65741.183083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65739.164603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    100251                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6749594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6809613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         100724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67741.163010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67739.144707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6550320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6608561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65741.183083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65739.164603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        99336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        99336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.701113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 199291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               100251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.987920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.877093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.402360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.421660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               300823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              300823                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               100724                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              100723                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         99336                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       298865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  300783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12742400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12803776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            597404000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           498820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24144944000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 136466                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1284100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   167693                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1647442158                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000013                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2457696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024145                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24144944000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             92790                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000013                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2457696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1637827                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6378                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3081344                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24144933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24144933                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               467702                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              517611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90186                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1548866                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1548866                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1550530                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2458197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2458197                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5976494                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             728160                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1648640                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1637826                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    809134     32.88%     32.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     32.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.04%     32.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.02%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.02%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.42%     33.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   91379      3.71%     37.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.02%     37.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1546447     62.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2460881                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3080385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3080385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3080385                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3080385                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3081344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3081344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3080385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3080385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3081344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.474727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.474727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3082303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3082303                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              204693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             204693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       203214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       612600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       612600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 612600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     26106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     26106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                26106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1220763000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1080340750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13043456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13100352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     13005696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         13005696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           203804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               204693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        203214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              203214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2356435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          540214796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              542571231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2356435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2356435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       538650908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             538650908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       538650908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2356435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         540214796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1081222139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    203213.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    203799.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000295563750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12310                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12310                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               606772                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              191212                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       204693                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      203214                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     204693                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    203214                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1785111250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1023440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5623011250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8721.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27471.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    188755                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   187612                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 204693                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                203214                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   204688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    2885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    3221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        31505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     828.524234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    684.094977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    336.768586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           954      3.03%      3.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3492     11.08%     14.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          997      3.16%     17.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          810      2.57%     19.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          901      2.86%     22.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          709      2.25%     24.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          843      2.68%     27.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          773      2.45%     30.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22026     69.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         31505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.626970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.511356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.661951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           12300     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              3      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.505768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.483983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.864962                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9090     73.84%     73.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               274      2.23%     76.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              2886     23.44%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                60      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13100032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 13003904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13100352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              13005696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        542.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        538.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     542.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     538.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24144842000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59192.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13043136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     13003904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2356435.368000853341                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 540201542.815754652023                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 538576689.181801319122                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       203804                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       203214                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5598865750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 592020854750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27471.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2913287.74                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             112219380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              59638425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            731664360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           530451180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1905384000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7899169440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2619726720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13858253505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         573.960888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6685785750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    806000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16653158250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             112740600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              59923050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            729807960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           530179740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1905384000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7891177470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2626456800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13855669620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         573.853873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6704848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    806000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16634096000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1441572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1441572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1441572                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1441572                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         203932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             203932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        203932                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            203932                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15032276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15032276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15032276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15032276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1645504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1645504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1645504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1645504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73712.198184                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73712.198184                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73712.198184                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73712.198184                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          203503                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                203503                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        203932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       203932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14624414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14624414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14624414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14624414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71712.207991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71712.207991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71712.207991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71712.207991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     203675                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1430987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1430987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       203655                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           203655                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15016946000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15016946000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1634642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1634642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73737.182981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73737.182981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       203655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14609638000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14609638000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71737.192802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71737.192802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.769172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1643456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                203675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.069012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.769172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1849435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1849435                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        203805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            204694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203805                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           204694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13807540000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13867559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13807540000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13867559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          204891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         204891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67748.779471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67747.755186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67748.779471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67747.755186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         203214                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               203214                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13399932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13458173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13399932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13458173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65748.789284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65747.764956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65748.789284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65747.764956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204418                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           204694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13807540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13867559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         204891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67748.779471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67747.755186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13399932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13458173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65748.789284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65747.764956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203503                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203503                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203503                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203503                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.372683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 407625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.432664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.664944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.275075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               613324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              613324                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               204891                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              204890                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        203503                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       611366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  613284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     26075776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 26137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1222406000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1019655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                36378796000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129012                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1284232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   157652                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1564409940                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3666022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.036379                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36378796000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134456                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3666022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2472784                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9632                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4627884                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         36378785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   36378785                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               676032                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              767609                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       131852                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2340529                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2340529                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2342194                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3668150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3668150                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             8941320                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1061490                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2483597                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2472783                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1184130     32.26%     32.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.03%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.28%     32.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  134673      3.67%     36.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     36.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2338110     63.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3670834                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4626925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4626925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4626925                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4626925                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4627884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4627884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4626925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4626925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4627884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.651372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.651372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4628843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4628843                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              308860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             308860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       307381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       925101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       925101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 925101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     39439424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     39439424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                39439424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1845765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1630083750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        19710144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            19767040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     19672384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         19672384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           307971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               308860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        307381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              307381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1563988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          541803088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              543367076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1563988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1563988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       540765120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             540765120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       540765120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1563988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         541803088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1084132196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    307380.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    307966.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000295563750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18623                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18623                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               916250                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              289238                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       308860                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      307381                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     308860                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    307381                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              19349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              19291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              19317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              19281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              19412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              19272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              19250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              19266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              19273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              19268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             19360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             19332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             19263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             19341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             19243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              19202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              19219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              19258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              19211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              19266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              19217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              19218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              19158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             19137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             19202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             19270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2693836000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1544275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8484867250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8722.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27472.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    284953                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   283809                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 308860                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                307381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   308855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    4859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   18686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        47448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     831.140786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    688.623857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    334.793677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1353      2.85%      2.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5246     11.06%     13.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1467      3.09%     17.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1207      2.54%     19.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1359      2.86%     22.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1071      2.26%     24.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1275      2.69%     27.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1156      2.44%     29.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        33314     70.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         47448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.584331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.500786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.439069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           18613     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              3      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.504215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.482482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.863943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             13765     73.91%     73.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               416      2.23%     76.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4352     23.37%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                90      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                19766720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 19670912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 19767040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              19672384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        543.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        540.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     543.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     540.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    36378732000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59033.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     19709824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     19670912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1563987.989047246287                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 541794291.377867460251                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 540724657.297619223595                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       307971                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       307381                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8460721750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 893021537500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27472.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2905259.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             169003800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              89816265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1102537380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           801619740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2871598080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       11894834670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3952754880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         20882164815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         574.020229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10087972500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1214720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25076103500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             169796340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              90248895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1102687320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           802789020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2871598080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       11907627180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3941982240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         20886729075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         574.145694                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10061463750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1214720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25102612250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2170735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2170735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2170735                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2170735                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         308099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             308099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        308099                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            308099                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22714722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22714722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22714722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22714722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2478834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2478834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2478834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2478834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73725.399953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73725.399953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73725.399953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73725.399953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          307670                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                307670                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       308099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        308099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       308099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22098526000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22098526000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22098526000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22098526000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71725.406444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71725.406444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71725.406444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71725.406444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     307842                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2160150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2160150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       307822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           307822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22699392000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  22699392000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2467972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2467972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73741.941772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73741.941772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       307822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22083750000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22083750000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71741.948269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71741.948269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.183088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2476792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                307842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.045660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.183088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2786932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2786932                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        307972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            308861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           308861                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20864984000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20925003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20864984000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20925003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       308099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          309058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       308099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         309058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67749.613601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67748.932368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67749.613601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67748.932368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         307381                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               307381                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20249042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20307283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20249042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20307283000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65749.620095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65748.938843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65749.620095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65748.938843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    308585                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           308861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20864984000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20925003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       308099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         309058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67749.613601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67748.932368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20249042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20307283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65749.620095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65748.938843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307670                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307670                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307670                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307670                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.919935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 615959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               308585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.287163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.768748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   508.864024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               925825                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              925825                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               309058                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              309057                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        307670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       923867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  925785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     39409152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 39470528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1847408000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1540490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  36378796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                48613167000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127708                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1284232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   155620                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1552024904                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4874353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.048613                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 48613167000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            176123                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4874353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3307742                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6174430                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         48613156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   48613156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               884367                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1017609                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       173519                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3132193                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3132193                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3133857                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4878109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4878109                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11906157                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1394824                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3318555                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3307741                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1559131     31.94%     31.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.21%     32.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  177967      3.65%     35.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3129774     64.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4880793                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6173471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6173471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6173471                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6173471                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6174430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6174430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6173471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6173471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6174430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.739110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.739110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6175389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6175389                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              413026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             413026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       411547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1237599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1237599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1237599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     52772672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     52772672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                52772672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2470761000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2179791500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        26376768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            26433664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     26339008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         26339008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           412137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               413026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        411547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              411547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1170383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          542584852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              543755234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1170383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1170383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       541808107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             541808107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       541808107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1170383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         542584852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1085563341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    411546.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    412132.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000295563750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24935                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24936                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1225724                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              387276                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       413026                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      411547                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     413026                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    411547                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              25877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              25819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              25845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              25809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              25940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              25800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              25778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              25794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              25801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              25796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             25865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             25775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             25732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             25750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             25869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             25771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              25730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              25747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              25786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              25739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              25794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              25745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              25744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              25602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              25600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              25667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             25665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             25728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             25728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             25730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             25798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             25728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3603160750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2065105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11347304500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8723.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27473.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    381152                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   380010                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 413026                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                411547                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   413021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    5817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   25022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   25094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        63387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     832.493729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    690.920413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    333.755867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1768      2.79%      2.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6965     10.99%     13.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1951      3.08%     16.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1611      2.54%     19.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1810      2.86%     22.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1431      2.26%     24.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1704      2.69%     27.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1554      2.45%     29.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        44593     70.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         63387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.563242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.495518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.719908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           24926     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.503429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.481714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.863590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             18442     73.96%     73.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               554      2.22%     76.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              5818     23.33%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               121      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                26433344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 26337984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 26433664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              26339008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        543.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        541.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     543.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     541.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    48613083000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58955.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     26376448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     26337984                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1170382.501514456002                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 542578268.969804048538                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 541787043.004213213921                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       412137                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       411547                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11323159000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1193932766750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27474.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2901084.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             225795360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             120005490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1473403260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1073461680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3837197520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15886642140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5289231360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         27905736810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         574.036594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13499794750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1623180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  33490192250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             226809240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             120544380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1475566680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1074698820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3837197520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15906473580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5272531200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         27913821420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         574.202899                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13457288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1623180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  33532699000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2899899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2899899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2899899                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2899899                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         412265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             412265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        412265                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            412265                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30397673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30397673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30397673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30397673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3312164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3312164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3312164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3312164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73733.334142                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73733.334142                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73733.334142                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73733.334142                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          411836                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                411836                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        412265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29573145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29573145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29573145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29573145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71733.338993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71733.338993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71733.338993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71733.338993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     412008                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2889314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2889314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       411988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           411988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30382343000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30382343000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3301302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3301302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73745.698904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73745.698904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       411988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29558369000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29558369000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124796                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124796                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71745.703758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71745.703758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.388678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3310120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                412008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.034116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.388678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3724428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3724428                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        412138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            413027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       412138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           413027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27922939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  27982958000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27922939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  27982958000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          413224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         413224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67751.430346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67750.917010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67751.430346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67750.917010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         411547                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               411547                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       413027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       413027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27098665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27156906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27098665000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27156906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65751.435199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65750.921853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65751.435199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65750.921853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    412751                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       412138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           413027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27922939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27982958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         413224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67751.430346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67750.917010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       413027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27098665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27156906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65751.435199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65750.921853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411836                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411836                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411836                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411836                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.191753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 824291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               412751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.214893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.323611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.653248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1238323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1238323                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               413224                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              413223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        411836                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1236365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1238283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     52742400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 52803776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2472404000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2061320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  48613167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                60846698000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125886                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1284364                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   153143                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1531928646                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6082679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.060847                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 60846698000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            217789                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6082679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4142699                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16142                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7720970                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         60846698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   60846698                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1092697                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1267607                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       215185                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3923856                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3923856                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3925521                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6088062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6088062                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14870983                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1728154                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4153512                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4142698                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1934127     31.76%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.17%     31.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  221261      3.63%     35.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3921437     64.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6090746                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7720011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7720011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7720011                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7720011                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7720970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7720970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7720011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7720011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7720970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.791563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7720970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               8051.063608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.791563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7721929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7721929                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              517193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             517193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       515714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1550100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1550100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1550100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     66106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3095763000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2729529250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33043456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33100352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33005696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33005696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           516304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               517193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        515714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              515714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             935071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          543060792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              543995863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        935071                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            935071                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       542440216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             542440216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       542440216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            935071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         543060792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1086436079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    515713.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    516299.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000295563750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         31245                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         31245                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1535211                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              485284                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       517193                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      515714                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     517193                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    515714                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4511580750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2585940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14208855750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8723.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27473.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    477351                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   476186                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 517193                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                515714                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   517188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    7302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    8156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   31351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   31448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   31246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   31245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   31245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   31245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        79333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     833.235904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    692.192952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    333.209875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2174      2.74%      2.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8706     10.97%     13.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2440      3.08%     16.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1996      2.52%     19.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2270      2.86%     22.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1790      2.26%     24.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2128      2.68%     27.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1947      2.45%     29.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        55882     70.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         79333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.552248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.493915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.233964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           31235     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          31245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.504497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.482755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.864094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             23090     73.90%     73.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               698      2.23%     76.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              7306     23.38%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               151      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          31245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33100032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33003712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33100352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33005696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        543.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        542.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     544.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     542.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    60846667000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58908.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33043136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33003712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 935071.283572364133                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 543055532.775172114372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 542407609.366082668304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       516304                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       515714                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14184710250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1494801770250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27473.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2898509.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             282744000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             150278205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1844276280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1346070960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4802796960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       19889299560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6616248480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         34931714445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         574.093839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16887091750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2031640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  41927966250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             283700760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             150790530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1848446040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1345794300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4802796960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       19905028710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6603002880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         34939560180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         574.222782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16852615750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2031640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  41962442250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3629063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3629063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3629063                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3629063                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         516431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             516431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        516431                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            516431                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38079809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38079809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38079809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38079809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4145494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4145494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4145494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4145494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73736.489483                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73736.489483                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73736.489483                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73736.489483                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          516003                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                516003                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        516431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37046947000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37046947000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37046947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37046947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71736.489483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71736.489483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71736.489483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71736.489483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     516175                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3618478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3618478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       516154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           516154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38064479000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38064479000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4134632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4134632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73746.360582                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73746.360582                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       516154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37032171000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37032171000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124837                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124837                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71746.360582                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71746.360582                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.511588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4145494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                516431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.027198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.511588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4661925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4661925                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        516304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            517193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           517193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34980073000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35040092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34980073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35040092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          517390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         517390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67750.923874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67750.514798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67750.923874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67750.514798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         515714                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               515714                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       517193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       517193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33947465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34005706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33947465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34005706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65750.923874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65750.514798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65750.923874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65750.514798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    516918                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           517193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34980073000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35040092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         517390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67750.923874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67750.514798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       517193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33947465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34005706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65750.923874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65750.514798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       516003                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       516003                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       516003                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       516003                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.354255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1033393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               517430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.171688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.057493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.125074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1550823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1550823                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               517390                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              517390                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        516003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1548865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1550783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66075776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3097405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2582155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  60846698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
