
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18029836000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  40180                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    72801                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              724425397                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1811910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018030                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18029836000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            201732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1811910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200968                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      246011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         96178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1251641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18029825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18029825                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1012497                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              794561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1857534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1857534                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3422656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1410341                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200924                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        446934                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     246010                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1410281     75.82%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.01%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.05%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.02%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.02%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200608     10.79%     86.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  245834     13.22%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.02%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1859995                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    71                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             88                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       192624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        193261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192624                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       193261                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11786808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  11824419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11786808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  11824419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       193349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       193349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61190.755046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.679066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61190.755046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.679066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       192082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           192082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       193261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       193261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11401560000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11437897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11401560000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11437897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59190.755046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.679066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59190.755046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.679066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                192202                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             88                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       193261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11786808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11824419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       193349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61190.755046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.679066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11401560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11437897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59190.755046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.679066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1058.630793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             384287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           192202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.963993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   539.432130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   515.234670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.131697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.125790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.258455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.260010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           578968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          578968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.339850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.866667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.339850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1252398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1252398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              193261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       192082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       578604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       578604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 578604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     24661952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     24661952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24661952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1153671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1022815750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           40768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12327936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12368704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12293248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12293248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           192624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               193261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        192082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              192082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2261141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          683751976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              686013117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2261141                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2261141                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       681828054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             681828054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       681828054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2261141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         683751976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1367841172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    192082.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       637.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    192624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12003                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12003                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               571230                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              180050                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       193261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      192082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     193261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    192082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1766651250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   966305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5390295000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9141.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27891.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    166673                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   165752                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 193261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                192082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   193260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        52876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.282775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    445.788267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    106.526039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           101      0.19%      0.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2377      4.50%      4.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4597      8.69%     13.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2308      4.36%     17.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        43467     82.21%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         52876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.099892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.006007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      10.916589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           12002     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.027383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12002     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12368704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12291264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12368704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12293248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        686.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        681.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     686.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     681.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18029792000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46788.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12327936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12291264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2261140.922191416379                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 683751976.446152925491                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 681718014.517713785172                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       192624                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       192082                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16377250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5373917750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 441733945750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25709.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27898.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299715.46                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             188767320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             100317030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            689566920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           501172200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1422891600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7530344670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         582114240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11015173980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         610.941441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1451798250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    601900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15976137750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             188845860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             100347390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            690316620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           501334020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1422891600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7519693650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         591083520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11014512660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.904761                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1475159000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    601900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15952777000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           206141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               206141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          206143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              206143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         192751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             192751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        192751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            192751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15063353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15063353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15063353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15063353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           398892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          398894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.483216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.483214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78149.285866                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78149.285866                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78149.285866                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78149.285866                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          192469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                192469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        192751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       192751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14677853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14677853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14677853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14677853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76149.296242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76149.296242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76149.296242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76149.296242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     192564                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       192516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           192516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15049809000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15049809000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       197926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         197926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.972667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78174.328368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78174.328368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       192516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14664779000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14664779000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76174.338756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76174.338756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.567004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                192564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.035058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.567004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.724871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.724871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                591644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               591644                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        192635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            193350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           193350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13905802000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13951434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13905802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13951434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          193508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         193508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72187.307602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72156.369279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72187.307602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72156.369279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         192352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               192352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13520534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13564736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13520534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13564736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70187.317985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70156.379622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70187.317985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70156.379622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    192961                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           193350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13905802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13951434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         193508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72187.307602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72156.369279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13520534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13564736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70187.317985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70156.379622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              441.864382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 385370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               192961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.940588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.195458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.728336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.038946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.529679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.863016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               579381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              579381                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               193508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              193507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        192469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       577970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  579484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     24654016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 24702464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1155853000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           963750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18029836000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                36568513000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  47293                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    85408                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              864700995                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3611910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.036569                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36568513000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            401732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3611910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400968                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      496011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        196178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2501641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         36568502                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   36568502                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2012497                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1594561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3707534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3707534                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6822656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2810341                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400924                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        896934                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     496010                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2810281     75.75%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.03%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400608     10.80%     86.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  495834     13.36%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3709995                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    71                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             88                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       392624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        393261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392624                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       393261                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24025485000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24063096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24025485000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24063096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       393349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       393349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.094727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61188.615194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.094727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61188.615194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       392082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           392082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       393261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       393261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23240237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23276574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23240237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23276574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.094727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59188.615194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.094727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59188.615194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                392202                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             88                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       393261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24025485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24063096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       393349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.094727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61188.615194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23240237000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23276574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.094727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59188.615194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1061.859709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             784287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           392202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.982247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   540.733931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   517.143532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.132015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.126256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.259243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.260010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1178968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1178968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.674518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.866667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.674518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2502398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2502398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              393261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             393261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       392082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1178604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1178604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1178604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50261952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50261952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50261952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2353671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2081261250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           40768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25127936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25168704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25093248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25093248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           392624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               393261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        392082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              392082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1114839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          687146781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              688261620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1114839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1114839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       686198206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             686198206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       686198206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1114839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         687146781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1374459826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    392082.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       637.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    392624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24503                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24503                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1163492                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              367550                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       393261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      392082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     393261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    392082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3596882750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1966305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              10970526500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9146.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27896.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    339292                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   338371                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 393261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                392082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   393260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       107640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.891416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.020991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    105.307913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           101      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4758      4.42%      4.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9359      8.69%     13.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4689      4.36%     17.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        88707     82.41%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        107640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.048933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.640509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           24502    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.019165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24502    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25168704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25091264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25168704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25093248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        688.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        686.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     688.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     686.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    36568469000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46563.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25127936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25091264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1114838.877916638274                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 687146781.166628241539                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 686143951.218361020088                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       392624                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       392082                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16377250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  10954149250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 901670497750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25709.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27899.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299698.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             384310500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             204246900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1403602620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1023318360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2886349440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15289835610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1166658240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22358321670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.409101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2908069250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1220960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32439483750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             384303360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             204246900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1404280920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1023187860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2886349440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15279534570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1175332800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22357235850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.379409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2930661500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1220960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32416891500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           406141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               406141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          406143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              406143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         392751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             392751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        392751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            392751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30702030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30702030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30702030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30702030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       798892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           798892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       798894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          798894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.491620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.491618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78171.742402                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78171.742402                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78171.742402                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78171.742402                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          392469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                392469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        392751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       392751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29916530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29916530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29916530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29916530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76171.747494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76171.747494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76171.747494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76171.747494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     392564                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       392516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           392516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30688486000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30688486000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       397926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         397926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.986405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78184.038358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78184.038358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       392516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29903456000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29903456000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986405                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986405                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76184.043453                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76184.043453                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.786514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                392564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.017197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.786514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.725729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.725729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1191644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1191644                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        392635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            393350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           393350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28344479000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28390111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28344479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28390111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          393508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         393508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.403301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72175.190034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.403301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72175.190034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         392352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               392352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       393350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       393350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27559211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27603413000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27559211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27603413000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.408395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70175.195119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.408395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70175.195119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    392961                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           393350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28344479000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28390111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         393508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.403301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72175.190034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27559211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27603413000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.408395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70175.195119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.440092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 785370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               392961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.970707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.603326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.866058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1179381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1179381                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               393508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              393507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        392469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1177970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1179484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50254016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50302464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2355853000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1963750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  36568513000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                55107209000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  51478                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    92865                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              945604827                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5411910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.055107                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55107209000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            601732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5411910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      600968                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      746011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        296178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3751641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         55107198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   55107198                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3012497                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2394561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       599551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5557534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5557534                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10222656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4210341                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      600924                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1346934                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     746010                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4210281     75.72%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.02%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   600608     10.80%     86.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  745834     13.41%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5559995                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    71                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             88                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       592624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        593261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592624                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       593261                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36264181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  36301792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36264181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  36301792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       593349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       593349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.562232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.255217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.562232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.255217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       592082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           592082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       593261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       593261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35078933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35115270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35078933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35115270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.562232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.255217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.562232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.255217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                592202                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             88                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       593261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36264181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36301792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       593349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.562232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.255217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35078933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35115270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.562232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.255217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1062.916139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1184287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           592202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.988219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   541.159851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   517.768069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.132119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.126408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.259501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.260010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1778968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1778968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3750884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3750884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3750884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3750884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3751641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3751641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3750884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3750884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3751641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.784014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.866667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.784014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3752398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3752398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              593261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             593261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       592082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1778604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1778604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1778604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     75861952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     75861952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                75861952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3553671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3139706750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           40768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37927936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37968704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37893248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37893248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           592624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               593261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        592082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              592082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             739794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688257248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              688997042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        739794                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            739794                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       687627784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             687627784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       687627784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            739794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688257248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1376624826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    592082.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       637.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    592624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         37003                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         37003                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1755754                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              555050                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       593261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      592082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     593261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    592082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              37143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              37057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              37085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              37041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              37107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              37063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              37065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              37122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              37049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              37034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             37087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             37055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             37086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             37072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             37127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             37068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              37000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              37000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              37000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              37008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              37010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              37011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              37008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              37004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              37001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              37000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             37000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             37001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             37002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             37002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             37003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             37001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5427133250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2966305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16550777000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9147.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27897.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    511911                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   510990                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 593261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                592082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   593260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   37005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   37004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   37003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   37003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       162402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.089026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.422337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.908030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           101      0.06%      0.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7139      4.40%      4.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14121      8.70%     13.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7070      4.35%     17.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       133945     82.48%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        162402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.032403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001948                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.217466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           37002    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          37003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.015596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             37002    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          37003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37968704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37891264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37968704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37893248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        687.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     687.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    55107165000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46490.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37927936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37891264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 739794.316202803864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688257247.794930100441                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 687591781.322113394737                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       592624                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       592082                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16377250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16534399750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1361608229750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25709.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27900.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299695.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             579782280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             308146410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2117566920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1545172200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4349807280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       23050435770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1750275360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33701186220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.556761                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4361926500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1840020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  48905262500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             579832260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             308169180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2118316620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1545334020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4349807280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23037797160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1760918400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33700174920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.538409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4389644500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1840020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48877544500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           606141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               606141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          606143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              606143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         592751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             592751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        592751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            592751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46340726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46340726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46340726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46340726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1198892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1198892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1198894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1198894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.494416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.494415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78179.076881                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78179.076881                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78179.076881                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78179.076881                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          592469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                592469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        592751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       592751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45155226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45155226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45155226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45155226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76179.080255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76179.080255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76179.080255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76179.080255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     592564                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          600731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              600731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       600966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          600966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       592516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           592516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46327182000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46327182000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       597926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         597926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.990952                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.990952                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78187.225324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78187.225324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       592516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45142152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45142152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.990952                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990952                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76187.228699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76187.228699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.858333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  599315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                592564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.011393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.858333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1791644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1791644                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        592635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            593350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           593350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42783175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42828807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42783175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42828807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          593508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         593508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72191.441612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72181.355018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72191.441612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72181.355018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         592352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               592352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       593350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       593350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41597907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41642109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41597907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41642109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70191.444987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70181.358389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70191.444987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70181.358389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    592961                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           593350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42783175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42828807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         593508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72191.441612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72181.355018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41597907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41642109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70191.444987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70181.358389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.628451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1185370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               592961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.980562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.736772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.911118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1779381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1779381                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               593508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              593507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        592469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1777970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1779484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     75854016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 75902464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3555853000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2963750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  55107209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                73645936000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  60625                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34213848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   109306                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    65.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1116195645                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7211910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.073646                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 73645936000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            801732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7211910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      800968                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      996011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        396178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5001641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         73645925                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   73645925                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4012497                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3194561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       799551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7407534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7407534                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13622656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610341                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      800924                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1796934                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     996010                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5610281     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   800608     10.80%     86.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  995834     13.44%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7409995                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    71                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             88                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       792624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        793261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792624                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       793261                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48502908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  48540519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48502908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  48540519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       793349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       793349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.832920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.107340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.832920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.107340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       792082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           792082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       793261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       793261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46917660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46953997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46917660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46953997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.832920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.107340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.832920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.107340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                792202                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             88                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       793261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48502908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48540519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       793349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.832920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.107340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46917660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46953997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.832920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.107340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1063.440705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1584287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           792202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.991185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   541.371340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   518.078180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.132171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.126484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.259629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.260010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2378968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2378968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5000884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5000884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5000884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5000884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5001641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5001641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5000884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5000884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5001641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.838384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.866667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.838384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5002398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5002398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              793261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             793261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       792082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2378604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2378604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2378604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    101461952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    101461952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               101461952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4753671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4198151750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           40768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        50727936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            50768704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     50693248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         50693248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           792624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               793261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        792082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              792082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             553568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688808355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689361922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        553568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            553568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688337344                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688337344                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688337344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            553568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688808355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1377699266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    792082.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       637.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    792624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         49503                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         49503                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2348016                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              742550                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       793261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      792082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     793261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    792082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              49647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              49561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              49589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              49540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              49603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              49559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              49561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              49618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              49545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              49530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             49583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             49556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             49590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             49576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             49631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             49572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              49496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              49496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              49496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              49504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              49506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              49507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              49504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              49504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              49505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              49504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             49504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             49505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             49506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             49506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             49507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             49501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7257415250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3966305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              22131059000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9148.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27898.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    684530                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   683609                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 793261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                792082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   793260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   49505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   49504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   49503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   49503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       217164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.186974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.621403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.709120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           101      0.05%      0.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9520      4.38%      4.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18883      8.70%     13.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9451      4.35%     17.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       179183     82.51%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        217164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.024221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.375466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           49502    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          49503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.013484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             49502    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          49503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                50768704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 50691264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 50768704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              50693248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    73645892000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46454.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     50727936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     50691264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 553567.545125640114                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688808354.611719608307                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688310404.527956604958                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       792624                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       792082                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16377250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  22114681750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1821547863750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25709.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27900.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299696.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             775304040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             412064895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2831602620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2067318360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5813265120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       30809096220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2335537440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         45044188695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.631695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5820066250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2459080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  65366789750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             775311180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             412072485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2832280920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2067187860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5813265120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       30798994680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2344044000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         45043156245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.617676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5842221750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2459080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  65344634250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           806141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               806141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          806143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              806143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         792751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             792751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        792751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            792751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61979453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  61979453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61979453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  61979453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1598892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1598892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1598894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1598894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78182.749691                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78182.749691                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78182.749691                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78182.749691                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          792469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                792469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        792751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       792751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60393953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60393953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60393953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60393953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76182.752213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76182.752213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76182.752213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76182.752213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     792564                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          800731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              800731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          800966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       792516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           792516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61965909000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61965909000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       797926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         797926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.993220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78188.842875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78188.842875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       792516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60380879000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60380879000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993220                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993220                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76188.845399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76188.845399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.893995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  799315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                792564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.008518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.893995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2391644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2391644                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        792635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            793350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           793350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57221902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  57267534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57221902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  57267534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          793508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         793508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72191.995054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72184.450747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72191.995054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72184.450747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         792352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               792352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       793350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       793350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55636634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55680836000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55636634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55680836000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70191.997578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.453268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70191.997578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.453268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    792961                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           793350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57221902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57267534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         793508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72191.995054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72184.450747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55636634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55680836000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70191.997578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.453268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.721980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1585370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               792961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.985455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.803034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.933492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2379381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2379381                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               793508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              793507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        792469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2377970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2379484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    101454016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                101502464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4755853000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3963750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  73645936000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92184642000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  70178                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34216224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   126487                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1293864974                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9011910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092185                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92184642000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1001732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9011910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1000968                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1246011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        496178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6251641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92184631                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92184631                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5012497                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3994561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       999551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9257534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9257534                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17022656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7010341                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1000924                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2246934                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1246010                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7010281     75.71%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1000608     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1245834     13.45%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9259995                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    71                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             88                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       992624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        993261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992624                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       993261                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60741614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  60779225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60741614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  60779225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       993349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       993349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.973372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.595160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.973372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.595160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       992082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           992082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       993261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       993261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58756366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58792703000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58756366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58792703000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.973372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.595160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.973372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.595160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                992202                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             88                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       993261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60741614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  60779225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       993349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61192.973372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.595160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58756366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58792703000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59192.973372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.595160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1063.754285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1984287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           992202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.992958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   541.497766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   518.263562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.132202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.126529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.259706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.260010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2978968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2978968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.870885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.866667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.870885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6252398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6252398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              993261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             993261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       992082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2978604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2978604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2978604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    127061952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    127061952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               127061952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5953671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5256596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           40768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        63527936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            63568704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     63493248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         63493248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           992624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               993261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        992082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              992082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             442243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689137959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689580201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        442243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            442243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688761670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688761670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688761670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            442243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689137959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1378341872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    992082.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       637.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    992624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         62003                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         62003                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2940278                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              930050                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       993261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      992082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     993261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    992082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              62143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              62057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              62085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              62041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              62107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              62063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              62065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              62122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              62049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              62034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             62087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             62055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             62086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             62072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             62127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             62068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              62000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              62000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              62000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              62008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              62010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              62011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              62008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              62004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              62001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              62000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             62000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             62001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             62002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             62002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             62003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             62001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    9087677000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4966305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              27711320750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9149.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27899.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    857149                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   856228                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 993261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                992082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   993260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   62005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   62004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   62003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   62003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       271926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.245471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.740333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.590102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           101      0.04%      0.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11901      4.38%      4.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23645      8.70%     13.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11832      4.35%     17.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       224421     82.53%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        271926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        62003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.019338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.803144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           62002    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          62003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        62003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.012048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             62002    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          62003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                63568704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 63491264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 63568704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              63493248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92184598000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46432.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     63527936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     63491264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 442242.862970602000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689137958.576657533646                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688740148.277627468109                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       992624                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       992082                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16377250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  27694943500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2281488060750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25709.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27900.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299697.06                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             970782960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             515968200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3545566920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2589172200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7276722960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       38569885050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2918999520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56387097810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.675617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7273519000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3078140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  81832983000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             970832940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             515990970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3546316620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2589334020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7276722960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       38558196630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2928842400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56386236540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.666275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7299153000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3078140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  81807349000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1006141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1006141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1006143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1006143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         992751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             992751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        992751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            992751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77618159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77618159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77618159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77618159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1998892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1998892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1998894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1998894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.496651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.496650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78184.921496                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78184.921496                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78184.921496                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78184.921496                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          992469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                992469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        992751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       992751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75632659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75632659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75632659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75632659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76184.923511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76184.923511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76184.923511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76184.923511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     992564                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1000731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1000731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1000966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1000966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       992516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           992516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77604615000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77604615000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       997926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         997926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.994579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78189.787369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78189.787369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       992516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75619585000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75619585000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76189.789384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76189.789384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.915313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  999315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                992564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.915313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2991644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2991644                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        992635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            993350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           993350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71660608000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  71706240000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71660608000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  71706240000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          993508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         993508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.304321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72186.278754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.304321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72186.278754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         992352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               992352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       993350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       993350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69675340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69719542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69675340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69719542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.306336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70186.280767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.306336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70186.280767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    992961                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           993350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71660608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71706240000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         993508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.304321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72186.278754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69675340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69719542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.306336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70186.280767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.777891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1985370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               992961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.988380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.842644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.946867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2979381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2979381                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               993508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              993507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        992469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2977970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2979484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    127054016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                127102464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5955853000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4963750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92184642000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               110723315000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  78648                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34220664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   141721                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    76.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1451348506                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10811910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.110723                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                110723315000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1201732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10811910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1200968                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1496011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        596178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7501641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        110723304                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  110723304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6012497                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4794561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1199551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11107534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11107534                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20422656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8410341                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1200924                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2696934                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1496010                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8410281     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1200608     10.81%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1495834     13.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11109995                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    71                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             88                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1192624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1193261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192624                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1193261                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72980287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  73017898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72980287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  73017898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1193349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1193349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.039047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.891799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.039047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.891799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1192082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1192082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70595039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70631376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70595039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70631376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.039047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.891799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.039047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.891799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1192202                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             88                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1193261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72980287000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73017898000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1193349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.039047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.891799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70595039000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70631376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.039047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.891799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1063.962858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2384287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1192202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.994137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   541.581856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   518.386866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.132222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.126559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.259757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.260010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          3578968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         3578968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.892503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.866667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.892503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7502398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7502398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1193261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1193261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1192082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3578604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3578604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3578604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    152661952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    152661952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               152661952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7153671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         6315040500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           40768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        76327936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            76368704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     76293248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         76293248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1192624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1193261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1192082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1192082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             368197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689357395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689725592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        368197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            368197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       689044110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             689044110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       689044110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            368197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689357395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1378769702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1192082.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       637.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1192624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         74503                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         74503                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              3532540                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1117550                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1193261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1192082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1193261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1192082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              74647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              74561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              74589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              74540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              74603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              74559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              74561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              74618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              74545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              74530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             74583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             74556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             74590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             74576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             74631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             74572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              74496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              74496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              74496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              74504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              74506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              74507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              74504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              74504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              74505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              74504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             74504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             74505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             74506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             74506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             74507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             74501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   10917905500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  5966305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              33291549250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9149.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27899.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1029768                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1028847                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1193261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1192082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1193260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   74505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   74504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   74503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   74503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       326690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.284631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.819776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.510630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           101      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14282      4.37%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28407      8.70%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14213      4.35%     17.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       269661     82.54%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        326690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.016093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.381724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           74502    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          74503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             74502    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          74503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                76368704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 76291264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 76368704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              76293248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        689.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     689.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   110723271000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46418.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     76327936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76291264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 368197.068521656853                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689357395.052704095840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 689026191.096247434616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1192624                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1192082                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16377250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  33275172000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2741423968750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25709.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27900.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299694.12                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1166304720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             619894275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4259602620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3111318360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      8740180800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       46329159960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3503723520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         67730184255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.706615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8730257250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3697200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  98295857750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1166311860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             619894275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4260280920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3111187860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      8740180800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       46318419450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3512768160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         67729043325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.696311                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8753814250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3697200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  98272300750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1206141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1206141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1206143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1206143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1192751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1192751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1192751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1192751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93256832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93256832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93256832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93256832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2398892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2398892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2398894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2398894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78186.337299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78186.337299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78186.337299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78186.337299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1192469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1192469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1192751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1192751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90871332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90871332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90871332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90871332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76186.338976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76186.338976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76186.338976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76186.338976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1192564                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1200731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1200731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1200966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1200966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1192516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93243288000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  93243288000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1197926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1197926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78190.387383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78190.387383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1192516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90858258000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  90858258000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995484                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995484                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76190.389060                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76190.389060                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.929492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1199315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1192564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.005661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.929492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3591644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3591644                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1192635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1193350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1193350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86099281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  86144913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86099281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  86144913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1193508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1193508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.482193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72187.466376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.482193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72187.466376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1192352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1192352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83714013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  83758215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83714013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83758215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.483870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70187.468052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.483870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70187.468052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1192961                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1193350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86099281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86144913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1193508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.482193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72187.466376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83714013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83758215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.483870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70187.468052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.815080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2385370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1192961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.990326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.868991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.955763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              3579381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             3579381                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1193508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1193507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1192469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3577970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 3579484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    152654016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                152702464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           7155853000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          5963750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 110723315000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               129261991000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  86365                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34223040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   155604                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    81.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1594813461                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12611904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.129262                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                129261991000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1401731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12611904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1400967                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1746010                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        696178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8751637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        129261991                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  129261991                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7012492                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5594559                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1399550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12957528                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12957528                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23822642                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9810336                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1400923                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3146933                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1746010                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9810276     75.70%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1400607     10.81%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1745834     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12959989                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    71                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             88                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1392624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1393261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392624                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1393261                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85218986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  85256597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85218986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  85256597000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1393349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1393349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.104528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.121936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.104528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.121936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1392082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1392082                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82433738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  82470075000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82433738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  82470075000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.104528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.121936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.104528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.121936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1392202                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             88                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1393261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85218986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85256597000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59043.956044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.104528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.121936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82433738000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82470075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57043.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.104528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.121936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1064.111605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2785701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1393267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.994978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   541.641826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   518.474801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.132237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.126581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.259793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.260010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          4178968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         4178968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8750880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8750880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8750880                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8750880                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8751637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8751637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8750880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8750880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8751637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.491413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.491413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.907920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8751637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11560.947160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.907920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8752394                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8752394                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1393261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1393261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1392082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4178604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4178604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4178604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    178261952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    178261952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               178261952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8353671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7373486000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           40768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        89127936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            89168704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          40768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     89093248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         89093248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1392624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1393261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1392082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1392082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             315390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689513873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689829263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        315390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            315390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       689245518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             689245518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       689245518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            315390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689513873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1379074782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1392082.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       637.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1392624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         87003                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         87003                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              4124802                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1305050                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1393261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1392082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1393261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1392082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              87143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              87057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              87085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              87041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              87107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              87063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              87065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              87122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              87049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              87034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             87087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             87055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             87086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             87072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             87127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             87068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              87000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              87000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              87000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              87008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              87010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              87011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              87008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              87004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              87001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              87000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             87000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             87001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             87002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             87002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             87003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             87001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   12748159000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  6966305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              38871802750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9149.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27899.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1202387                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1201466                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1393261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1392082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1393260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   87005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   87004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   87003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   87003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       381452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.312647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.876440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.454094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           101      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16663      4.37%      4.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33169      8.70%     13.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16593      4.35%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       314900     82.55%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        381452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.013781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000829                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.054757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           87002    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          87003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             87002    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          87003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                89168704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 89091264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 89168704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              89093248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        689.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     689.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   129261970000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46407.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        40768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     89127936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     89091264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 315390.469267953653                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689513872.643351197243                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 689230169.756552815437                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1392624                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1392082                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16377250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  38855425500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3201360886750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25709.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27900.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299692.75                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1361783640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             723789990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4973566920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3633172200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      10203638640.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       54088650330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4088267520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         79072869240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.725602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10186528250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   4316260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 114759202750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1361833620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             723820350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4974316620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3633334020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      10203638640.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       54077932050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4097293440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         79072168740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.720183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10210034500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   4316260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 114735696500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1406140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1406140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1406142                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1406142                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1392750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1392750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1392750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1392750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108895531000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108895531000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108895531000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108895531000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2798890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2798890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2798892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2798892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78187.421289                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78187.421289                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78187.421289                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78187.421289                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1392469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1392469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1392750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1392750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106110031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 106110031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106110031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 106110031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76187.421289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76187.421289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76187.421289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76187.421289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1392564                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1400730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1400730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1400965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1400965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392515                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1392515                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108881987000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108881987000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1397925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1397925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.996130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78190.889865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78190.889865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1392515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106096957000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 106096957000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76190.889865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76190.889865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.939604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2798892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1392750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.009616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.939604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4191642                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4191642                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1392634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1393349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1393349                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100537980000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 100583612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100537980000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 100583612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1393507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1393507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.679484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72188.383528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.679484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72188.383528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1392352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1392352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97752712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97796914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97752712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97796914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.679484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70188.383528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.679484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70188.383528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1392961                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1393349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100537980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100583612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1393507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63820.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.679484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72188.383528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97752712000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97796914000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61820.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.679484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70188.383528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.841601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2785976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1393404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.991713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.887780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.962108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.531031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              4179380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             4179380                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1393507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1393507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1392469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4177969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 4179483                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    178254016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                178302464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           8355852000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          6963750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 129261991000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
