
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3921388000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110867                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34293824                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223298                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              433437657                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1002999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003921                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3921388000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1002999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      178450                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           266                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1297454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3921377                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3921377                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1579059                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              732123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  91342                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         91342                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               145075                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65447                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1943188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1943188                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3546721                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1572012                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      177584                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313448                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135864                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23148      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1619075     80.14%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1189      0.06%     81.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     782      0.04%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.09%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30975      1.53%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12648      0.63%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15123      0.75%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165560      8.19%     92.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120253      5.95%     98.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12024      0.60%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15611      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2020289                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4587                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1993                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6580                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1678                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4628                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6306                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102880000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    381754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102880000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    381754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.267837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.489368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.267837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.489368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61311.084625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60257.994814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60538.217571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61311.084625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60257.994814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60538.217571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          763                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              763                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99524000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99524000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.267837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.489368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.267837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.489368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59311.084625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58257.994814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58538.217571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59311.084625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58257.994814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58538.217571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1655                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102880000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    381754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.267837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.489368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61311.084625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60257.994814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60538.217571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99524000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269618000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.267837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.489368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59311.084625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58257.994814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58538.217571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3593.510572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.126888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.407996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   818.278507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2740.824069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.099888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.334573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.438661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4542                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.582642                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279462000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    279462000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279462000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    279462000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27103.287751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27103.287751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27103.287751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27103.287751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    258840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    258840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25103.287751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25103.287751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25103.287751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25103.287751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      10055                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279462000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279462000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27103.287751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27103.287751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25103.287751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25103.287751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               244.753018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  815513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 10055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.105221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.753018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.956066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.956066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1307765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1307765                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       452416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       452416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  452416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33596750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          107392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          296192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              403584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       107392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         107392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        48832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            48832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           763                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 763                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           27386221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           75532439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              102918660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      27386221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          27386221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        12452734                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              12452734                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        12452734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          27386221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          75532439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             115371394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       762.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1678.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4604.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003213298500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            44                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            44                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14296                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 696                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6306                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         763                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6306                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       763                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      54035250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                171822750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8601.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27351.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4588                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      568                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6306                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   763                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     241.030043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    147.001548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    281.030790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           824     44.21%     44.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          490     26.29%     70.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          181      9.71%     80.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           97      5.20%     85.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           55      2.95%     88.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      1.39%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      1.72%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      1.34%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          134      7.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      139.250000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      69.738428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     245.018284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              22     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            10     22.73%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      6.82%     79.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      9.09%     88.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      2.27%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      2.27%     93.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      2.27%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      2.27%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      2.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.772727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.744935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.985090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                27     61.36%     61.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     38.64%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  402048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    47232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   403584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 48832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        102.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     102.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      12.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3567656000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      504690.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       107392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       294656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        47232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 27386221.409358117729                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75140740.982529670000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12044714.779562747106                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1678                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4628                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          763                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     46938500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    124884250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  67803047000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27972.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26984.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  88863757.54                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7304220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3882285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24147480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2583900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      309163920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         814653690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         819789120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1981524615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         505.312051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2123022750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    130780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1667585250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6004740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3191595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20706000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1268460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      309163920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         679506120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         933597600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1953438435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.149746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2419671000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    130780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1370937000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    424406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436021000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    436021000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47372.028128                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47372.028128                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46883.978495                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46883.978495                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    406490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    417423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45372.251367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45372.251367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44884.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44884.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9043                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32662.600741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32662.600741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140772000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140772000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30662.600741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30662.600741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274452000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    274452000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62832.417582                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62832.417582                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265718000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265718000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60832.875458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60832.875458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11615000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     11615000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34061.583578                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34061.583578                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10933000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10933000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32061.583578                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32061.583578                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.190356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  231420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.591065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.190356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                323541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               323541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    536660000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    536660000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.657131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28885.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53713.530655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41643.516722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28885.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53713.530655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41643.516722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    510888000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    510888000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26885.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51713.832679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39643.671917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26885.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51713.832679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39643.671917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15478                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    536660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28885.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53713.530655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41643.516722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    510888000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26885.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51713.832679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39643.671917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.618526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.579468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.806170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   106.281063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   263.531293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.261340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.514710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                41342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               41342                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   44962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       962560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       659904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1622464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            51555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             48316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3921388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8058012000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116403                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34316212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   229033                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              468977853                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008058                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8058012000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454576                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      430003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           447                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      299868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614400                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8058001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8058001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2552559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309945                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       346026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113732                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113732                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               172175                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72144                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66415                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3114276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      429097                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        728947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     299850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26430      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3100027     78.77%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4899      0.12%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6670      0.17%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1279      0.03%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32279      0.82%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13096      0.33%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19050      0.48%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.02%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   416601     10.59%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  268994      6.84%     98.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12496      0.32%     99.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30856      0.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3935402                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7115                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7067                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14182                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3315                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7177                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10492                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    660948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    660948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        24674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        24674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.425225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.425225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66215.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61508.011704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62995.425086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66215.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61508.011704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62995.425086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2011                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2011                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212875000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212875000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64215.686275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59508.011704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60995.425086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64215.686275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59508.011704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60995.425086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4523                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219505000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    660948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        24674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.425225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66215.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61508.011704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62995.425086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    639964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64215.686275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59508.011704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60995.425086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4440.076598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.216449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.900282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1100.182957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3274.993358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.134300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.399779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.542002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761841                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            45318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           45318                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    517489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    517489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    517489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    517489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29575.870149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29575.870149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29575.870149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29575.870149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    482495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    482495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    482495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    482495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27575.870149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27575.870149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27575.870149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27575.870149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      17241                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    517489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    517489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29575.870149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29575.870149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    482495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27575.870149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27575.870149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.526717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2419501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 17241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                140.334145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.526717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.978620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631897                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       800192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       800192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  800192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            20547000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56257750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          212160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          459328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              671488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       212160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         212160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       128704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           128704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26329075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57002645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               83331720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26329075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26329075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15972178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15972178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15972178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26329075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57002645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              99303898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2002.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3315.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7143.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003633711750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           117                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           117                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24914                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1869                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10492                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10492                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      34                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     115152000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    52290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                311239500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11010.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29760.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6692                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1473                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10492                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     186.293471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.104586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    230.703396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2387     55.86%     55.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          952     22.28%     78.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          366      8.57%     86.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          163      3.81%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          108      2.53%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      1.12%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           49      1.15%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      0.84%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          164      3.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       88.658120                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      53.792675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     158.825059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              77     65.81%     65.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            20     17.09%     82.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      7.69%     90.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      5.13%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.85%     96.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.85%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.85%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.85%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.948718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.920140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.990003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                60     51.28%     51.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      2.56%     53.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                54     46.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  669312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   126912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   671488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                128704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         83.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      83.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8055425000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      644279.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       212160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       457152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       126912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26329074.714706309140                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56732603.525534585118                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15749790.394951013848                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3315                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7177                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2011                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    108718500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    202521000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 187004173000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32795.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28218.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  92990637.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13965840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7419225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             37670640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6023880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      635537760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1618157610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1731617760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4050392715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         502.654093                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4486098750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    268840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3303073250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16564800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8796810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             36999480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4327380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      635537760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1541197920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1796425920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4039850070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.345750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4653210000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    268840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3135962000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    890654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    890654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    907479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    907479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32062.133266                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32062.133266                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32192.663805                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32192.663805                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    835098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    835098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    851103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    851103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30062.205263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30062.205263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30192.734755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30192.734755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27932                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    390895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22047.095319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22047.095319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    355437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20047.208122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20047.208122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499759000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    499759000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49732.212160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49732.212160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479661000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    479661000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47732.212160                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47732.212160                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16825000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     16825000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16005000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16005000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.146057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  714188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.568810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.146057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                757912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               757912                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         10430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             24675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            24675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    348465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    612261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    960726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    348465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    612261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    960726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.540100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33409.875360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42980.765181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38935.197568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33409.875360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42980.765181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38935.197568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    327605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    911378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    327605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    911378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31409.875360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40980.905581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36935.278622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31409.875360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40980.905581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36935.278622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     31494                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            24675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    348465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    612261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    960726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33409.875360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42980.765181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38935.197568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    327605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    911378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31409.875360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40980.905581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36935.278622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.921201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                31494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.834191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.108194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.696536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.116471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.271696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.235735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.484602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                91428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               91428                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13736                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        70113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        34994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  105107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3802944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            87485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            114366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           140940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8058012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12829376000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115388                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34322536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   229103                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              493441696                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012829                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12829376000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702544                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           813                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           492                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917639                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           290                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12829365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12829365                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3567703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867917                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 216515                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        216515                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               325436                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              135647                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120025                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11405889                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701349                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1201774                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41173      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553444     76.44%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15990      0.27%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     16979      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2482      0.04%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5110      0.09%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56400      0.95%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       74      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25728      0.43%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36863      0.62%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    774      0.01%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676197     11.35%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  439681      7.38%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               25152      0.42%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60744      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        17730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           30431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        17730                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12701                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          30431                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        13130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4842                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13130                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17972                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330354000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834880000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1165234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330354000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834880000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1165234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.371299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.371299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68226.765799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63585.681645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64836.078344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68226.765799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63585.681645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64836.078344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4899                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4899                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    808620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1129290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    808620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1129290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66226.765799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61585.681645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62836.078344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66226.765799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61585.681645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62836.078344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 10807                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        17730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          30431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330354000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834880000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1165234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.371299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68226.765799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63585.681645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64836.078344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    808620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1129290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66226.765799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61585.681645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62836.078344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5461.701174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              38118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.527158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    93.245298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1154.585037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4213.870839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.011382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.140941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.514389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.666712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.956665                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            85301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           85301                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1051245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1051245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1051245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1051245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24683.486346                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24683.486346                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24683.486346                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24683.486346                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    966067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    966067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    966067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    966067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22683.486346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22683.486346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22683.486346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22683.486346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      42333                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1051245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1051245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24683.486346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24683.486346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    966067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    966067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22683.486346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22683.486346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.562282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3660407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 42333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.466988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.562282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960228                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        40843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        40843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1463744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1463744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1463744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            42467000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           96940500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          309888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          840320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1150208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       309888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         309888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       313536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           313536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           24154565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           65499678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               89654244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      24154565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          24154565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        24438913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              24438913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        24438913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          24154565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          65499678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             114093156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4780.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4842.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13077.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003633711750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           277                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           277                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                43885                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4481                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17972                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4899                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17972                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4899                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      53                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    119                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     229610250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    89595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                565591500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12813.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31563.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9683                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3399                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17972                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4899                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     151.325543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    104.472515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    183.276664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6015     62.76%     62.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1828     19.07%     81.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          907      9.46%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          286      2.98%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          171      1.78%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           85      0.89%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           66      0.69%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           49      0.51%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          177      1.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       64.635379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      45.561412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     107.724524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             203     73.29%     73.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            52     18.77%     92.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      3.61%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      2.17%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.72%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.36%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.151625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.123314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.981037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               115     41.52%     41.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.81%     43.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               157     56.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1146816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   304064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1150208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                313536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         89.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         23.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      89.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      24.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12828623000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      560912.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       309888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       836928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       304064                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 24154565.272699154913                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 65235285.020877085626                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 23700607.106690146029                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4842                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13130                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4899                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    168402000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    397189500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 301684305250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34779.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30250.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  61580793.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              28474320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15134460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             59883180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13201380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1012312080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3164542530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2261602560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6555150510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         510.948507                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5849329500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    428220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6551826500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              39984000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21236820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             68058480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11598840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1012312080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3349177500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2106120480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6608488200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.105972                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5439151000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    428220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6962005000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1607809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1607809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1624634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1624634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34174.527600                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34174.527600                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34233.811661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34233.811661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1513717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1513717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1529722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1529722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32174.570111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32174.570111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32233.853804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32233.853804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47200                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    720548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23214.278811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23214.278811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    658472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21214.343246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21214.343246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    887261000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    887261000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55426.099450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55426.099450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855245000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    855245000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53426.099450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53426.099450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16825000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     16825000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16005000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16005000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.835556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1186145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.130191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.835556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1250240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1250240                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               41642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              41642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    614106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1144423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1758529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    614106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1144423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1758529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           90046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          90046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.537547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27206.539075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44302.531744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36330.241302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27206.539075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44302.531744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36330.241302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1092761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1661723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1092761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1661723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25206.539075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42302.609167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34330.282621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25206.539075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42302.609167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34330.282621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61262                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              41642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    614106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1144423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1758529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          90046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27206.539075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44302.531744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36330.241302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1092761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1661723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25206.539075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42302.609167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34330.282621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.438144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 112091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.829699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   137.607638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   102.004650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   269.825857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.268765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.199228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.527004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175538                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                90046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               90045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        85178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  203809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4555136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2725696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7280832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           212945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            208636000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           237280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12829376000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17405831000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114820                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34326080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   229298                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              499626065                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017406                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17405831000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963666                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1636                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669007                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           297                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17405820                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17405820                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4705712                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2469517                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 327688                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        327688                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               502201                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              216712                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750704                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15428314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304533                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962208                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631161                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     668953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59935      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041717     75.63%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23656      0.30%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28382      0.36%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3307      0.04%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9062      0.11%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    92052      1.15%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       80      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    42536      0.53%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54598      0.68%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1946      0.02%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920110     11.52%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  590957      7.40%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               42098      0.53%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              77996      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7988466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        31971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           52920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        31971                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20949                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          52920                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        17317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         23216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5899                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17317                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        23216                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    409711000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1115182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1524893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    409711000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1115182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1524893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.155770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.452543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.304928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.155770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.452543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.304928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69454.314291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64398.105907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65682.848036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69454.314291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64398.105907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65682.848036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         7723                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             7723                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        23216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        23216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1080548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1478461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1080548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1478461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.155770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.452543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.155770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.452543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67454.314291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62398.105907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63682.848036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67454.314291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62398.105907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63682.848036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 16018                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        31971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          52920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        23216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    409711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1115182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1524893000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.155770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.452543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.304928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69454.314291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64398.105907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65682.848036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1080548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1478461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.155770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.452543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67454.314291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62398.105907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63682.848036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6127.193999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              54752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            16018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.418155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    98.229024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1083.474989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4945.489986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.011991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.132260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.603698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.747948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988770                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           125076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          125076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1596643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1596643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1596643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1596643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22918.539890                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22918.539890                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22918.539890                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22918.539890                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1457311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1457311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20918.539890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20918.539890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20918.539890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20918.539890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      69410                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1596643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1596643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22918.539890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22918.539890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1457311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20918.539890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20918.539890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.466149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4853464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 69410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.924564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.466149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5277926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5277926                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               23216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7723                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        54155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        54155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  54155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1980096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1980096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1980096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            61831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          125542000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          377536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1108288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1485824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       377536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         377536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       494272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           494272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            17317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                23216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21690203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           63673375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               85363577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21690203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21690203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28396921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28396921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28396921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21690203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          63673375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             113760498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7586.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5899.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     17232.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003633711750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           439                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           439                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                58240                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7131                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        23216                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7723                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      23216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7723                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      85                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    137                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     316426250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   115655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                750132500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13679.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32429.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11491                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5269                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  49.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  23216                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7723                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    23113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     141.019675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    100.233567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    167.288269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9055     65.02%     65.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2582     18.54%     83.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1262      9.06%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          371      2.66%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          213      1.53%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          114      0.82%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           85      0.61%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      0.42%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          185      1.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       52.640091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      38.553310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      87.738236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             359     81.78%     81.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            56     12.76%     94.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      2.73%     97.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      1.37%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.46%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.23%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.211845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.183898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.973740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               170     38.72%     38.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      1.59%     40.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               261     59.45%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1480384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   483584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1485824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                494272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         85.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         27.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      85.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17404788000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      562551.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       377536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1102848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       483584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21690202.553385701030                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 63360835.802668653429                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 27782873.452005825937                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5899                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        17317                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7723                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    212291500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    537841000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 410862479250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35987.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31058.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53199854.88                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              39991140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              21252000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             74627280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            22138020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1373720400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4330283160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3037284960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8899296960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.282510                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7854253000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    581100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8970478000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              59447640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              31597170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             90528060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            17304300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1373720400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4776713430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2661343680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9010654680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         517.680235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6867486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    581100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9957245000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2228603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2228603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2245428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2245428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33274.650621                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33274.650621                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33321.876948                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33321.876948                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2094653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2110658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2110658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31274.680483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31274.680483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31321.906627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31321.906627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      67129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1062254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1062254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22882.062771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22882.062771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    969410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    969410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20882.105853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20882.105853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1166349000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1166349000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56748.357904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56748.357904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1125243000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1125243000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54748.357904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54748.357904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16825000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     16825000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16005000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16005000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.141719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1614803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 67129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.055222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.141719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1699786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1699786                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               60915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              60915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    890223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1578006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2468229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    890223000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1578006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2468229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          137052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         137052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.555534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23507.340903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41236.731387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32418.259191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23507.340903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41236.731387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32418.259191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2315957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2315957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21507.340903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39236.783652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30418.285459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21507.340903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39236.783652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30418.285459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     93821                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              60915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    890223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1578006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2468229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         137052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23507.340903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41236.731387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32418.259191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2315957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21507.340903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39236.783652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30418.285459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.111724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 167659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                93821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.787009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   134.527727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.787001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   273.796996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.262749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.198803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.534760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               263481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              263481                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               137052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              137051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       166867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  306199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4458624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10825408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           348330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           336925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17405831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21997749000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116422                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34335860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   232043                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              512202952                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021998                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21997749000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1148432                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2240                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      865766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           934                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485913                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           364                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21997738                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21997738                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795752                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170350                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       757534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400785                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400785                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               612618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              264838                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9678803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9678803                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19082946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1146734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     865666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70202      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7565946     75.92%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34403      0.35%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34245      0.34%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4101      0.04%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.11%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110866      1.11%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52686      0.53%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67696      0.68%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094322     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  770883      7.74%     98.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52412      0.53%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94783      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9965931                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        41170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        25511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           66681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        41170                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        25511                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          66681                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        26460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         33714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        26460                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        33714                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1698052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2202003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1698052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2202003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.149802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.335814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.149802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.335814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69472.153295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64174.300831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65314.201815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69472.153295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64174.300831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65314.201815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        15517                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            15517                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        33714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        33714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1645132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2134575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1645132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2134575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.149802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.149802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67472.153295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62174.300831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63314.201815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67472.153295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62174.300831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63314.201815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 26829                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        41170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        25511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          66681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        26460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        33714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1698052000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2202003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.149802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.335814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69472.153295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64174.300831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65314.201815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1645132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2134575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.149802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67472.153295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62174.300831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63314.201815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6547.210691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             114338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            26829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.261732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.880100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   982.849769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5447.480823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.119977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.664976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997314                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           170038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          170038                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2003812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2003812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2003812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2003812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22805.836292                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22805.836292                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22805.836292                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22805.836292                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1828084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1828084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20805.836292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20805.836292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20805.836292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20805.836292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      87608                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2003812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2003812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22805.836292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22805.836292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1828084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20805.836292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20805.836292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.995078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6114714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 87608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.796297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.995078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6573777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6573777                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               33714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              33714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        82945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        82945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  82945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3150784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3150784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3150784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           111299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          181953250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          464256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1693440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2157696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       464256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         464256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       993088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           993088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            26460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                33714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         15517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               15517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21104705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76982422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               98087127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21104705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21104705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        45144983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              45144983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        45144983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21104705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76982422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             143232110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     15356.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7254.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     26359.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003633711750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           880                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           880                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                88069                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               14467                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        33714                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       15517                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      33714                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     15517                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     101                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    161                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     446802250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   168065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1077046000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13292.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32042.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17927                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    11235                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  53.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  33714                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 15517                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        19777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     158.357688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.312622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    198.475081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12344     62.42%     62.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3733     18.88%     81.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1833      9.27%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          572      2.89%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          328      1.66%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          193      0.98%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          169      0.85%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          127      0.64%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          478      2.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         19777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       38.180682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.579244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      63.940283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             796     90.45%     90.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            60      6.82%     97.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      1.36%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      0.68%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.23%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.11%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.11%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.417045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.392782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.905013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               251     28.52%     28.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                13      1.48%     30.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               614     69.77%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2151232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   980928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2157696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                993088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         97.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         44.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      98.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      45.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21997529000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      446822.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       464256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1686976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       980928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21104704.849573470652                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76688573.908175781369                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 44592198.956356853247                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        26460                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        15517                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    261174000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    815872000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 520417253000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36004.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30834.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  33538522.46                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              58383780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31031715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            106978620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            41686920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1736358000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5693028900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3653006400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11320474335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.619670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9438554000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    734500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11824695000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              82831140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              44022000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            133018200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            38320020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1736358000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6283144200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3156067200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11473760760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         521.587948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8136010500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    734500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13127238500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3098061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3098061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3144420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3144420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36354.537774                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36354.537774                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36556.647096                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36556.647096                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2927627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2927627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2972392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2972392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34354.561243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34354.561243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34556.670348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34556.670348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      85758                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1323862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1323862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23617.618725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23617.618725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1211754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21617.618725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21617.618725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1774199000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1774199000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60835.242079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60835.242079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1715873000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715873000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58835.310657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58835.310657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     46359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     46359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58166.875784                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58166.875784                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44765000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44765000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56166.875784                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56166.875784                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.320881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 85758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.435528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.320881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2099888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2099888                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           39440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1118955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2320755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3439710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1118955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2320755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3439710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          173879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         173879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.577390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23107.446721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44653.948280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34261.424758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23107.446721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44653.948280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34261.424758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1022107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2216813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3238920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1022107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2216813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3238920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21107.446721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42653.986762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32261.444679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21107.446721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42653.986762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32261.444679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    122192                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1118955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2320755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3439710000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         173879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23107.446721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44653.948280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34261.424758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1022107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2216813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3238920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21107.446721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42653.986762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32261.444679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.505892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 216250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               122192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.769756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   126.396019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.286957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   286.822917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.246867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.190014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.560201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               339723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              339723                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               173879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              173878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         43140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       215169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       175728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  390897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5623296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           439320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            389579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           430070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21997749000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26658933000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116953                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34350096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   232123                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              519614277                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000283                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026659                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26658933000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1314536                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1321074                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2322                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1021912                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1071                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7828993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           443                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26658922                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26658922                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3885654                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972127                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11616183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11616183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341175                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1021813                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71468      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9176702     77.05%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35108      0.29%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.29%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.09%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.93%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1266748     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  925619      7.77%     98.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.44%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11909448                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        25840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           67916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42076                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        25840                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          67916                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        13651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        31963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         45614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13651                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        31963                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        45614                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    976773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2031848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3008621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    976773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2031848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3008621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       113530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       113530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.401779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.401779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71553.219544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63568.751369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65958.280353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71553.219544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63568.751369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65958.280353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        20778                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            20778                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        45614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        45614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    949471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1967922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    949471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1967922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69553.219544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61568.751369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63958.280353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69553.219544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61568.751369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63958.280353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 38970                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        25840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          67916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        31963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        45614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    976773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2031848000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3008621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       113530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.401779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71553.219544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63568.751369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65958.280353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    949471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1967922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69553.219544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61568.751369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63958.280353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6834.478154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             137369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            38970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.524994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   118.512612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   892.980181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5822.985361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.109006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.710814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.834287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           201080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          201080                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2902494000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2902494000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2902494000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2902494000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25206.200608                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25206.200608                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25206.200608                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25206.200608                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2672196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2672196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2672196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2672196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23206.217977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23206.217977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23206.217977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23206.217977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     114893                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2902494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2902494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25206.200608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25206.200608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2672196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2672196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23206.217977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23206.217977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.345628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7544664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                114893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 65.666873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.345628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7944142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7944142                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               45614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              45614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       112006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       112006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 112006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4249088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4249088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4249088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           149504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          246473000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          873664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2045632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2919296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       873664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         873664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1329792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1329792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            31963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                45614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         20778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               20778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           32771904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76733454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              109505358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      32771904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          32771904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        49881666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              49881666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        49881666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          32771904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76733454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             159387024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     20616.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13651.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     31861.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003633711750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1180                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1180                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               118232                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               19447                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        45614                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       20778                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      45614                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     20778                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     102                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    162                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     632594250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   227560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1485944250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13899.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32649.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     24934                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    15604                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  45614                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 20778                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    45492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        25564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.485214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    109.753460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    210.815058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         14915     58.34%     58.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6059     23.70%     82.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2008      7.85%     89.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          686      2.68%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          420      1.64%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          263      1.03%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          254      0.99%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          184      0.72%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          775      3.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         25564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       38.522881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      27.313746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      94.376757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1149     97.37%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           19      1.61%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.17%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      0.34%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.08%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.08%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.450847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.427258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.892029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               319     27.03%     27.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                14      1.19%     28.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               843     71.44%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      0.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2912768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6528                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1317888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2919296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1329792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        109.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         49.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     109.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      49.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26656849000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      401506.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       873664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2039104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1317888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 32771904.261884748936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76488582.645074352622                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 49435136.807613417506                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13651                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        31963                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        20778                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    519523250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    966421000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 626031805750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     38057.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30235.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  30129550.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              90992160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              48355890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            167161680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            53567640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2103912720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7182762660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4188388320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13835141070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         518.968297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10813844750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    889980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14955108250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              91549080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              48659490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            157794000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            53922600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2103912720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6805194090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4506340800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13767372780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         516.426249                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11637983000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    889980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14130970000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3538511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3538511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3584870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3584870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38671.828723                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38671.828723                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38840.169885                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38840.169885                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3355509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3355509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3400274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3400274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36671.828723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36671.828723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36840.169885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36840.169885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      92042                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1358165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1358165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23863.041377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23863.041377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1244335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1244335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21863.041377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21863.041377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2180346000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2180346000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63041.288383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63041.288383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2111174000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2111174000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61041.288383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61041.288383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     46359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     46359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58166.875784                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58166.875784                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44765000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44765000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56166.875784                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56166.875784                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.439622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2112959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 92042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.956466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.439622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2434958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2434958                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           59422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               93917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              93917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            113531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           113531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1673922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2719361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4393283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1673922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2719361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4393283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          207448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         207448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.547274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30037.360034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47045.326367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38696.770045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30037.360034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47045.326367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38696.770045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1562468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2603755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4166223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1562468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2603755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4166223000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28037.395923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45045.326367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36696.787662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28037.395923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45045.326367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36696.787662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    136023                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              93917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           113531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1673922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2719361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4393283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         207448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30037.360034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47045.326367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38696.770045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1562468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2603755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4166223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28037.395923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45045.326367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36696.787662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.767130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 237413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               136023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.745389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   118.191095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   114.620152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.955883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.230842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.223867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.542883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               392793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              392793                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               207448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              207447                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48810                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       233406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       230299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  463705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9030912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7369536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16400448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           575745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            451498000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           461490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26658933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                31136616000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123431                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34357000                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   242635                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              549029131                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.031137                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 31136616000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1537484                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2346                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1079                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           474                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         31136616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   31136616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4557308                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25995195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535772                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666047                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130275                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72686      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10700726     77.76%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36228      0.26%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.26%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.08%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.81%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.38%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.50%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483158     10.78%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034081      7.51%     98.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.38%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13760682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        44376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           71851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        44376                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27475                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          71851                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        20580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        33069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         53649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        20580                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33069                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        53649                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1471183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2106032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3577215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1471183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2106032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3577215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       125500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.546198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.427482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.546198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.427482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71486.054422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63685.989900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66678.130068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71486.054422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63685.989900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66678.130068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        21961                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            21961                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        53649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        53649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1430023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2039894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3469917000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1430023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2039894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3469917000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.546198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.546198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69486.054422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61685.989900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64678.130068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69486.054422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61685.989900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64678.130068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 47045                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        44376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          71851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        20580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        53649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1471183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2106032000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3577215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.546198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.427482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71486.054422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63685.989900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66678.130068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1430023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2039894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3469917000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.546198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69486.054422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61685.989900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64678.130068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7029.700155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             167107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            55237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.025273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.089978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   863.663773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6041.946404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.015148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.105428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.737542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          647                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           222344                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          222344                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3949438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3949438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3949438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3949438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26251.532111                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26251.532111                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26251.532111                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26251.532111                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3648546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3648546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3648546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3648546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24251.532111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24251.532111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24251.532111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24251.532111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     150190                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3949438000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3949438000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26251.532111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26251.532111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3648546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3648546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24251.532111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24251.532111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.583540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                150446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.822328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.583540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9300922                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9300922                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               53649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              53649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       129259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       129259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 129259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4839040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4839040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4839040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           163454000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          290634500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1317120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2116416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3433536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1317120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1317120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1405504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1405504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            20580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            33069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                53649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         21961                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               21961                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           42301321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           67971934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              110273255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      42301321                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          42301321                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        45139909                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              45139909                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        45139909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          42301321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          67971934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             155413164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     21799.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     20580.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     32967.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004909174750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1248                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1248                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               136611                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               20563                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        53649                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       21961                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      53649                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     21961                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     102                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    162                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             11182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     781390500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   267735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1785396750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14592.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33342.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     28264                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16521                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  53649                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 21961                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    53527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        30538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     157.858144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    108.010314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    197.322707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         17610     57.67%     57.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7976     26.12%     83.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2265      7.42%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          724      2.37%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          444      1.45%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          291      0.95%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          258      0.84%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          184      0.60%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          786      2.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         30538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       42.899038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      27.348153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     127.750820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1210     96.96%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           19      1.52%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.16%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      0.64%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.08%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.08%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.16%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.08%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.08%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      0.16%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.448718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.425069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.893134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               339     27.16%     27.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                14      1.12%     28.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               891     71.39%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3427008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6528                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1393664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3433536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1405504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        110.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         44.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     110.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      45.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    31125963000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      411664.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1317120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2109888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1393664                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 42301321.376735351980                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 67762277.056697487831                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 44759648.896977119148                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        20580                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        33069                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        21961                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    781746250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1003650500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 736173432500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     37985.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30350.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  33521853.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             122643780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              65186715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            219462180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            56532600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2457330720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8938310790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4429462080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         16288928865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         523.143840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11424363750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1039480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18672772250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              95397540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              50704995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            162863400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            57138120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2457330720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7139679210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5944099200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15907213185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.884458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15372856500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1039480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14724279500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3601649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3601649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3741156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3741156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38565.268602                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38565.268602                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38498.765127                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38498.765127                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3414867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3414867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3546804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3546804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36565.268602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36565.268602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36498.765127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36498.765127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      96920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1380119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1380119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23837.075547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23837.075547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1264323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1264323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21837.075547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21837.075547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2221530000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2221530000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62590.651678                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62590.651678                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2150544000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2150544000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60590.651678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60590.651678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139507000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    139507000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36857.859974                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36857.859974                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34857.859974                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34857.859974                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.520208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 97176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.450523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.520208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2764708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2764708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           85490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              122122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             122122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         64956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            125500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           125500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2274451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2826966000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5101417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2274451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2826966000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5101417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          247622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         247622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.506821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35015.256481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46692.752378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40648.741036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35015.256481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46692.752378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40648.741036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2144539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2705878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4850417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2144539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2705878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4850417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.256481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44692.752378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38648.741036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.256481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44692.752378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38648.741036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    149066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             122122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           125500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2274451000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2826966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5101417000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         247622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35015.256481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46692.752378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40648.741036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2144539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2705878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4850417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33015.256481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44692.752378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38648.741036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.944426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 298328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               149578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.667877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   134.011671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.264877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.227867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.261742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               447906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              447906                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         50706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       300892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  545950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9464448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9628544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19092992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           752230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501152000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           485880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  31136616000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
