
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3974758000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  75427                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   155413                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              299735509                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003975                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3974758000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239610                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201651                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139464                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            62                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3974747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3974747                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493498                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176827                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81407                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81407                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136568                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69051                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43021                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990455                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845604                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603940                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201373                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340746                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139373                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14342      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643775     79.76%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20512      1.00%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      454      0.02%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14402      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24566      1.19%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190021      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137380      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11352      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060933                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10566                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1536                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12102                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2444                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4345                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    262099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    262099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        16447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        16447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.264182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.264182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60239.347712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60386.252046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60321.979287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60239.347712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60386.252046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60321.979287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          279                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              279                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110713000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    253409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110713000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    253409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58239.347712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58386.252046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58321.979287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58239.347712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58386.252046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58321.979287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   939                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    262099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        16447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.264182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60239.347712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60386.252046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60321.979287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253409000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.152483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58239.347712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58386.252046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58321.979287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2744.729749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.107561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    18.559512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1312.985951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1413.184286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.160277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.172508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.335050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3519                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.429565                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23853                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    402117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    402117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    402117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    402117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25008.831395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25008.831395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25008.831395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25008.831395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369961000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369961000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23008.955781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23008.955781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23008.955781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23008.955781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15822                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    402117000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    402117000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25008.831395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25008.831395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23008.955781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23008.955781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.450059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1117186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 70.609657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.450059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1335923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1335923                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       295936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       295936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  295936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           23206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          121664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          156416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              278080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       121664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         121664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        17856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            17856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           30609159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39352333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               69961492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      30609159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          30609159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4492349                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4492349                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4492349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          30609159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39352333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              74453841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       201.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1901.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2371.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003087649250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9841                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 168                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4345                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         279                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4345                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       279                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      73                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     78                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      37863000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    21360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                117963000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8863.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27613.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2746                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      150                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4345                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   279                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     183.345782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.620371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    183.607674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           603     38.83%     38.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          578     37.22%     76.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          204     13.14%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           71      4.57%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           26      1.67%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      1.35%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      1.03%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.58%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           25      1.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      417.800000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     134.512100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     923.093447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              7     70.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1     10.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     10.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.800000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.789234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.632456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     10.00%     10.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 9     90.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  273408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    11392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   278080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 17856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      69.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3971298000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      858844.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       121664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       151744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        11392                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 30609159.098491027951                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 38176915.424788124859                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2866086.438469964545                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2444                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          279                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51133000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     66830000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  59821633500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26897.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27344.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 214414456.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6211800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3297855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15658020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              287100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      313466400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1195493490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         519576000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2053990665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.758672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1339596250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    132600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2502561750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4883760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2595780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14844060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              642060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      313466400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         688385580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         946614240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1971431880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.987902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2454117750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    132600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1388040250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    265578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    265578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37263.645293                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37263.645293                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37263.645293                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37263.645293                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35263.645293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35263.645293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35263.645293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35263.645293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6871                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26132.166705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26132.166705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    104806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24132.166705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24132.166705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152086000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    152086000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54628.591954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54628.591954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52628.591954                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52628.591954                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.636322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  291894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.482026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.636322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.979048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348217                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             16448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            16448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    467220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    467220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          23206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.708782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21878.729548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48853.266332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28405.885214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21878.729548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48853.266332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28405.885214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    247850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    434326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    247850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    434326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19878.889958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46853.266332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26406.006809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19878.889958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46853.266332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26406.006809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18586                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            16448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    467220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          23206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21878.729548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48853.266332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28405.885214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    247850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    434326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19878.889958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46853.266332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26406.006809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.717069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   112.613829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   190.816344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.286895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.219949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.372688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.383373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                46267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               46267                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                23206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               23205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        32157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   50374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       709760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1028992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1738752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            80390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3974758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7782731000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  84759                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   174717                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              329801448                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000131                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7782731000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394326                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            96                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631699                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           227                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7782720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7782720                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011621                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279102                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359547                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163836                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163836                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275975                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140648                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88243                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981139                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662100                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393659                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27732      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319894     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42408      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29136      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49083      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   369987      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253431      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23672      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19544                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2911                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22455                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2670                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5344                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8014                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    486201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    486201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        30469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        30469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.647365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.263021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.647365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.263021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61398.876404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60304.266467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60668.954330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61398.876404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60304.266467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60668.954330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          744                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              744                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311578000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    470173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311578000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    470173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.647365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.647365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59398.876404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58304.266467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58668.954330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59398.876404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58304.266467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58668.954330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2988                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    486201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        30469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.647365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.263021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61398.876404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60304.266467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60668.954330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.647365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59398.876404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58304.266467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58668.954330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3329.261760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              11018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.687416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.645170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1348.322727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1955.293864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.164590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.238683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.406404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.645630                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            44306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           44306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    684906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    684906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    684906000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    684906000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23524.162803                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23524.162803                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23524.162803                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23524.162803                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    626676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    626676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21524.162803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21524.162803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21524.162803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21524.162803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28859                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    684906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    684906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23524.162803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23524.162803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    626676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    626676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21524.162803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21524.162803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.676276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2321747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.451402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.676276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2660814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2660814                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       560512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       560512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  560512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11734000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42749750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          170880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          342016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              512896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       170880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         170880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        47616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            47616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21956303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           43945499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65901802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21956303                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21956303                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6118161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6118161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6118161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21956303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          43945499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              72019963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       568.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2670.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5185.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006927720500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            31                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            31                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18440                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 515                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8014                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         744                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8014                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    176                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      73368000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                220649250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9340.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28090.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5217                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      445                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8014                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     196.352468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    137.407040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    208.149316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1069     39.09%     39.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          989     36.16%     75.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          338     12.36%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          110      4.02%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           49      1.79%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      1.43%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           54      1.97%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      1.10%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           57      2.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      247.709677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     101.879408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     556.046832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             21     67.74%     67.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5     16.13%     83.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      3.23%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      3.23%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      3.23%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      3.23%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      3.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.516129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.495291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.851311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     22.58%     22.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.23%     25.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                23     74.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  502720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    34752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   512896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 47616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         64.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7781973000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      888555.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       170880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       331840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        34752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21956302.999551184475                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 42637989.158304452896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4465270.610021083616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2670                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5344                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          744                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     74887500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    145761750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 169299330250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28047.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27275.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 227552863.24                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8825040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4686825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22962240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1117080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      614025360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1778491770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1490891520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3920999835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.807704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3858835250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    259740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3664155750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10710000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5692500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33122460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1717380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      614025360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1851405030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1429490880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3946163610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.040987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3697749000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    259740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3825242000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564146000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    564146000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    564146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38558.266694                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38558.266694                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38558.266694                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38558.266694                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    534886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    534886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36558.403390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36558.403390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36558.403390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36558.403390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14374                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    313998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31894.159472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31894.159472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    294310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29894.362621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29894.362621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250148000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250148000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52266.610949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52266.610949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240576000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    240576000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50266.610949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50266.610949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.260689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  646584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 44.982886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.260689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664521                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30470                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    866270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    866270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           43746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          43746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.696521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20139.416584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50738.008721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28430.259271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20139.416584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50738.008721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28430.259271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    402949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    805332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    402949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402383000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    805332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18139.416584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48738.250969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26430.324910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18139.416584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48738.250969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26430.324910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     34255                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418893000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    866270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          43746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20139.416584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50738.008721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28430.259271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    402949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    805332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18139.416584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48738.250969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26430.324910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.726922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                34255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.479813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   103.471852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   161.940346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.314724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.202093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.316290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                85988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               85988                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                43746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               43745                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   94966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3278080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            73150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7782731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11275404000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98382                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199991                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              369755602                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000067                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011275                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11275404000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556572                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11275393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11275393                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349543                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922868                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559802                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145332                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279380                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828317                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555525                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873286                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30673      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050674     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.89%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528913      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098599                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           24813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5239                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          24813                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2684                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11274                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13958                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    671847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    836833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    671847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    836833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        38771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        38771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.360011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.360011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61470.193741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59592.602448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59953.646654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61470.193741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59592.602448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59953.646654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2998                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2998                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    649299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    808917000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    649299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    808917000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59470.193741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57592.602448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57953.646654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59470.193741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57592.602448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57953.646654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  6946                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          24813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    671847000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    836833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        38771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.360011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61470.193741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59592.602448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59953.646654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159618000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    649299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    808917000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59470.193741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57592.602448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57953.646654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4286.352658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              25885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             6946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.726605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.004202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1193.842560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3066.505895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.145733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.374329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.523236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6034                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888916                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            59129                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           59129                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    686795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    686795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    686795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    686795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23551.832928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23551.832928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23551.832928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23551.832928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    628473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    628473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21551.832928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21551.832928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21551.832928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21551.832928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28905                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    686795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    686795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23551.832928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23551.832928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21551.832928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21551.832928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.396074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.482442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.396074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3938071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3938071                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13958                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13958                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1085184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1085184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1085184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            28948000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           74137000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          171776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          721536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              893312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       171776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         171776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       191872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           191872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2998                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2998                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15234576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           63992031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               79226607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15234576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15234576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        17016863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              17016863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        17016863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15234576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          63992031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              96243469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2818.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2684.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11109.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006927720500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           156                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           156                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33466                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2641                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2998                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13958                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2998                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    180                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     114903250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    68965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                373522000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8330.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27080.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10442                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2439                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13958                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2998                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     286.565875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    180.640802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    298.994306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1136     30.67%     30.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1188     32.07%     62.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          499     13.47%     76.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          160      4.32%     80.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          110      2.97%     83.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          107      2.89%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          123      3.32%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          113      3.05%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          268      7.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       73.621795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      31.735661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     262.242005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            143     91.67%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      4.49%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.64%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      1.28%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.64%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.64%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.64%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.903846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.898559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.421653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7      4.49%      4.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.64%      5.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               148     94.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  882752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   178752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   893312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                191872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      79.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      17.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11274521000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      664928.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       171776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       710976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       178752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15234576.073726493865                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 63055478.987715214491                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15853267.874038040638                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2684                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11274                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2998                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     75471500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    298050500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 215418243500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28119.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26436.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  71853983.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12502140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6641250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             44782080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6733800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      889998720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2727244230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2033128800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5721031020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.390336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5258702500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    376480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5640221500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13951560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7415430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             53699940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7845660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      889998720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2498233620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2225979840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5697124770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.270123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5760636250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    376480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5138287750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1069554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1069554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1069554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1069554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45304.727211                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45304.727211                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45304.727211                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45304.727211                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1022340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1022340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43304.811928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43304.811928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43304.811928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43304.811928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23351                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    783856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    783856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43130.626169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43130.626169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    747510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    747510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41130.736217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41130.736217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285698000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285698000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52576.002944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52576.002944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274830000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274830000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50576.002944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50576.002944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.109219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  870581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.282386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.109219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                898073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               898073                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             38772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            38772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    863968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1312940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    863968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1312940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.734750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20171.264265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52317.306528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33863.097080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20171.264265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52317.306528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33863.097080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    830942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    830942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18171.264265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50317.427637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31863.148664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18171.264265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50317.427637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31863.148664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42979                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            38772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448972000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    863968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1312940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20171.264265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52317.306528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33863.097080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404456000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    830942000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18171.264265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50317.427637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31863.148664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.670073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  60472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.407013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.230452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.093067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   320.346554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.625677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               104554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              104554                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        55509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  113831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2041664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3907968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             94239000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11275404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14631075000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108501                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   216764                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              396831761                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000376                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014631                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14631075000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1034976                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736330                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           366                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           147                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5167019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14631064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14631064                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5519727                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508072                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727795                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7831049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7831049                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14932898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6370000                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735283                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144005                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6673434     83.50%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708671      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406729      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7992079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           29960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10386                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          29960                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        13849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16540                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    826231000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    991623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    826231000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    991623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        46500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        46500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.355699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.355699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61461.166852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59659.975449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59953.022975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61461.166852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59659.975449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59953.022975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4020                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4020                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798533000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    958543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    958543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59461.166852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57659.975449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57953.022975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59461.166852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57659.975449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57953.022975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  9632                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          29960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    826231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    991623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        46500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.355699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61461.166852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59659.975449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59953.022975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798533000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59461.166852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57659.975449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57953.022975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4981.189253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              30515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.168086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    38.027568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1015.289164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3927.872521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.123937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.479477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.608055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            71129                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           71129                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    687320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    687320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    628984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    628984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    687320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23564.179923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23564.179923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21564.179923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21564.179923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.763938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.763938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5196187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5196187                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1315840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1315840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1315840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36640000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           87865500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          172224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          886336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1058560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       172224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         172224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       257280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           257280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11771110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60579007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               72350118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11771110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11771110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        17584491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              17584491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        17584491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11771110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60579007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              89934608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3829.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2691.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13681.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006927720500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           212                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           212                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                40505                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3593                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4020                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16540                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4020                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    191                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     135342500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    81860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                442317500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8266.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27016.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12353                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3329                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16540                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4020                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     287.479849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    184.666672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    295.744933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1268     28.23%     28.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1479     32.93%     61.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          706     15.72%     76.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          182      4.05%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          141      3.14%     84.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          120      2.67%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          133      2.96%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          129      2.87%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          333      7.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       73.702830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.973489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     277.049521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            197     92.92%     92.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      3.30%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.47%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.94%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.94%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.47%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.929245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.925299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.363883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7      3.30%      3.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.47%      3.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               204     96.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1047808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   243264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1058560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                257280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         71.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      72.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      17.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14625910000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      711376.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       172224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       875584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       243264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11771110.461808171123                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 59844133.120772056282                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16626529.492877317593                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4020                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     75644000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    366673500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 276765375750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28110.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26476.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  68847108.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15665160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8326230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55456380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10956780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1154908560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3618155940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2571464640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7434933690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.160452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6649102750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    488540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7493432250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16400580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8717115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             61439700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8884440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1154908560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3257815050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2874909600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7383075045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.616034                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7440668000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    488540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6701867000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1385142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1385142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1385142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1385142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42438.248721                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42438.248721                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42438.248721                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42438.248721                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1319866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1319866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1319866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1319866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40438.309997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40438.309997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40438.309997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40438.309997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      32382                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1005641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1005641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39149.803402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39149.803402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    954269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    954269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37149.881263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37149.881263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379501000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    379501000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54588.751438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54588.751438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52588.751438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52588.751438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.542874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1133369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 32382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 34.999969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.542874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177806                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             46501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            46501                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1113588000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1563043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1113588000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1563043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.752358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20186.615765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45947.681136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33613.105095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20186.615765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45947.681136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33613.105095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1065118000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1470043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1065118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1470043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18186.615765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43947.763657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31613.148104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18186.615765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43947.763657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31613.148104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51612                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            46501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1113588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1563043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20186.615765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45947.681136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33613.105095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1065118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1470043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18186.615765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43947.763657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31613.148104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.663152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  71342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.382275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.036913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.406510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   351.219728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.168763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.685976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               124098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              124098                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61807                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  133780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2739520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4606272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            112642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           163190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14631075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17908686000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115104                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   227931                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              412264660                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000083                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017909                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17908686000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268510                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           417                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511340                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441252                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17908675                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17908675                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6523537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081676                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854806                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270240                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740329                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943311                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919661                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430818                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511157                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8295901     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893049      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509164      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        13794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        13794                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33368                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        14880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14880                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17571                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    892685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1058077000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    892685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1058077000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.518937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.344942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.518937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.344942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61461.166852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59992.271505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60217.232941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61461.166852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59992.271505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60217.232941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4043                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4043                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    862925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    862925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.518937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.518937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59461.166852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57992.271505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58217.232941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59461.166852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57992.271505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58217.232941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 10600                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    892685000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1058077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.518937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.344942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61461.166852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59992.271505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60217.232941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    862925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022935000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.518937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59461.166852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57992.271505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58217.232941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5417.588480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              32960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.109434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    59.069226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   897.717921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4460.801334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.109585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.544531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.661327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906860                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            77427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           77427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6412084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6412084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6412084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6412084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    687320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    687320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    628984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    628984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6412084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6412084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    687320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23564.179923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23564.179923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21564.179923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21564.179923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.990160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.990160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6470420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6470420                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        39185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        39185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  39185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1383296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1383296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1383296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            37786000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           93427000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          172224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          952320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1124544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       172224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         172224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       258752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           258752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4043                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4043                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9616786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           53176431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               62793217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9616786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9616786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14448408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14448408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14448408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9616786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          53176431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              77241625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3832.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2691.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14712.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006927720500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           212                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           212                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                43432                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3593                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17571                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4043                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17571                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4043                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    211                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     148035750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    87015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                474342000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8506.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27256.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12791                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3329                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17571                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4043                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     266.926829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    172.411565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    284.286982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1494     29.39%     29.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1844     36.27%     65.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          707     13.91%     79.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          182      3.58%     83.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          141      2.77%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          120      2.36%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          133      2.62%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          129      2.54%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          334      6.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       73.702830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.973489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     277.049521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            197     92.92%     92.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      3.30%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.47%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.94%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.94%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.47%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.929245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.925299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.363883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7      3.30%      3.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.47%      3.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               204     96.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1113792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   243264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1124544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                258752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         62.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      62.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17908166000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      828544.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       172224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       941568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       243264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9616785.955150477588                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 52576051.643319897354                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13583576.148467844352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14880                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4043                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     75644000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    398698000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 276765375750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28110.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26794.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  68455447.87                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18414060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9787305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             60197340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10956780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1413672000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4345490190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3217575360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9076093035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.798379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8321840250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    598000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8988845750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17885700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9506475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             64060080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8884440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1413672000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3808677300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3669628320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8992314315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.120274                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9501521750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    598000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7809164250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1393689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1393689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1393689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1393689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1551967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1551967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1551967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1551967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1431973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1431973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1431973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1431973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40538.266639                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40538.266639                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40538.266639                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40538.266639                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1475401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1475401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38538.318880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38538.318880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38538.318880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38538.318880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      38027                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1125796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1125796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36877.489518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36877.489518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1064742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34877.555031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34877.555031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426171000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    426171000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54947.266632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54947.266632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    410659000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410659000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52947.266632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52947.266632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.809554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1415754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 38027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.230231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.809554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470256                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1235687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1685142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1235687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1685142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.755204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.755204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20186.615765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43092.833479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33080.918728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20186.615765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43092.833479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33080.918728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1178339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1583264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1178339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1583264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18186.615765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41092.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31080.957990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18186.615765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41092.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31080.957990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     56511                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1235687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1685142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.755204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20186.615765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43092.833479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33080.918728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1178339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1583264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18186.615765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41092.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31080.957990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.273855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                56511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.381607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    65.961779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    70.592568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.719508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.128832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.137876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.727968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               135742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              135742                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  146170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3171200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5037952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           191415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17908686000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21268033000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119097                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   234442                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              422141623                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000184                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11811449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021268                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21268033000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502225                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11811449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105147                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           473                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7716057                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21268022                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21268022                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527682                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655534                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981880                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335800                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11650502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11650502                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22563386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9517272                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104101                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717755                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613654                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9919137     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077489      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611661      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.23%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811532                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16011                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35585                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        17201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17201                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19892                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1032814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1198206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1032814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1198206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.517915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.358563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.517915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.358563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61461.166852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60043.834661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60235.572089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61461.166852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60043.834661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60235.572089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4492                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4492                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    998412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1158422000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    998412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1158422000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.517915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.517915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59461.166852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58043.834661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58235.572089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59461.166852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58043.834661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58235.572089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 12560                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1032814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1198206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.517915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.358563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61461.166852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60043.834661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60235.572089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    998412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1158422000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.517915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59461.166852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58043.834661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58235.572089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5765.241355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              40009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            12560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.185430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.479224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   792.413040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4902.349091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.008603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.096730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.598431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.703765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1688                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.950928                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            85144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           85144                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7686889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7686889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7686889                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7686889                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    687320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    687320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7716057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7716057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23564.179923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    628984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    628984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21564.179923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7686889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7686889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    687320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7716057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23564.179923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23564.179923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21564.179923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21564.179923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.149667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.149667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7745225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7745225                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        44276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        44276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1560576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1560576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1560576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            42352000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          105804750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          172224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1100864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1273088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       172224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         172224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       287488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           287488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            17201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8097787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51761439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               59859226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8097787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8097787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        13517376                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              13517376                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        13517376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8097787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51761439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              73376602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4281.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2691.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     17027.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013107626500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           237                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           237                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                49373                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4018                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19892                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4492                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19892                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4492                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     174                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    211                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     167452750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    98590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                537165250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8492.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27242.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14423                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3728                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19892                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4492                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    19718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     263.748237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    171.952049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    279.321311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1643     28.25%     28.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2247     38.64%     66.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          738     12.69%     79.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          207      3.56%     83.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          173      2.98%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          161      2.77%     88.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          159      2.73%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          134      2.30%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          353      6.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       83.101266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      30.449720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     307.711795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            220     92.83%     92.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      2.95%     95.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.42%     96.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.84%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.84%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.42%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.42%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.42%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.936709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.933164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.344759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7      2.95%      2.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.42%      3.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               229     96.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1261952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   272064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1273088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                287488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         59.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      59.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      13.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21267407000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      872186.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       172224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1089728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       272064                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8097786.946258735843                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 51237836.616108320653                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12792156.190466698259                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2691                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        17201                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4492                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     75644000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    461521250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 503552215750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28110.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26831.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 112099780.89                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              21312900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11320485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             70207620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11254320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1678581840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5100309840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3871927200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10764914205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.154669                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10015997750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    710060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10541975250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20227620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10747440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             70578900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10935900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1678581840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4353470190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4500844800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10645386690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.534614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11656455250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    710060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8901517750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1674292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1674292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1674292                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1674292                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44610                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44610                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1800498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1800498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1800498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1800498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40360.860794                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40360.860794                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40360.860794                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40360.860794                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1711280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1711280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1711280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1711280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38360.905627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38360.905627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38360.905627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38360.905627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44353                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1069070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1069070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1328424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1328424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36821.908695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36821.908695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1256270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1256270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34821.908695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34821.908695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472074000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    472074000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55323.332943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55323.332943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    455010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013903                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013903                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53323.567327                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53323.567327                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.997588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1710684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.569747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.997588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1763511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1763511                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1430168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1879623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1430168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1879623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           73778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          73778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.751959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.751959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20186.615765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43060.488363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33880.511194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20186.615765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43060.488363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33880.511194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9317                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9317                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1768669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1768669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18186.615765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41060.548580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31880.547244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18186.615765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41060.548580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31880.547244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61635                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1430168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1879623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          73778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.751959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20186.615765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43060.488363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33880.511194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    404925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1768669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18186.615765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41060.548580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31880.547244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.704457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  85664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.389860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.034162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    59.442269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   384.228027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.128973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.116098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.750445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148435                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                73778                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               73777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  160065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5522368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            136328000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           223045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21268033000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24811979000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123548                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34283088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   242152                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              437923656                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024812                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24811979000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730692                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           604                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      732012                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964792                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24811979                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24811979                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458427                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214332                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394303                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558926                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354402                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079054                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302081                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033910                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731829                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30675      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511406     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275469      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729836      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719957                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           41326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21752                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          41326                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        21332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         24030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        21332                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        24030                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165798000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1274458000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1440256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165798000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1274458000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1440256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        65356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        65356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.121139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.367679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.121139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.367679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61452.186805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59743.952747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59935.746983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61452.186805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59743.952747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59935.746983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5509                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5509                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        24030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        24030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1231794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1392196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1231794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1392196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.121139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.121139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59452.186805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57743.952747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57935.746983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59452.186805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57743.952747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57935.746983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 16694                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          41326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        21332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        24030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165798000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1274458000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1440256000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        65356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.121139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.367679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61452.186805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59743.952747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59935.746983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160402000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1231794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1392196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.121139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59452.186805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57743.952747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57935.746983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6056.787198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              77294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            24501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.154728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    61.478599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   701.691513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5293.617085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.085656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.646193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.739354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953003                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           101795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          101795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8935617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8935617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8935617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8935617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    687848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    687848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23576.623822                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23576.623822                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23576.623822                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23576.623822                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    629498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    629498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21576.623822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21576.623822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21576.623822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21576.623822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28919                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8935617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8935617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687848000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    687848000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23576.623822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23576.623822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    629498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21576.623822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21576.623822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.271122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                307.276504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.271122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8993967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8993967                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               24030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              24030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        53569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        53569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  53569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1890496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1890496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1890496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            51575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          127704000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          172672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1365248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1537920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       172672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         172672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       352576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           352576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            21332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                24030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6959219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55023745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61982964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6959219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6959219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14209910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14209910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14209910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6959219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55023745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              76192874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5297.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2698.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     21127.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013107626500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           294                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           294                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                59502                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4992                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        24030                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5509                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      24030                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5509                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     205                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    212                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     195043250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   119125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                641762000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8186.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26936.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17800                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4636                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  24030                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5509                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    23825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     279.439460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    179.319377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    290.182478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1897     28.46%     28.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2392     35.89%     64.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          814     12.21%     76.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          273      4.10%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          253      3.80%     84.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          239      3.59%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          190      2.85%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          146      2.19%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          461      6.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       80.948980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.223651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     297.886241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            274     93.20%     93.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      2.72%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.34%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.68%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.68%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.34%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.68%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.34%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.34%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.34%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.34%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.948980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.946103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.310426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7      2.38%      2.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.34%      2.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               286     97.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1524800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    13120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   337728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1537920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                352576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24808802000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      839866.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       172672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1352128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       337728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6959219.173932074569                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54494967.934641569853                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13611489.837227413431                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2698                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        21332                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5509                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     75816500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    565945500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 600720169000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28101.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26530.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 109043414.23                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23126460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12292005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             82938240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11776320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1958243040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5684467500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4740880320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12513723885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         504.342031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12269585000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    828360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11714034000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24468780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13001670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             87172260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15769620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1958243040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5315233470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5051814240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12465703080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.406643                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13077826750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    828360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10905792250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1979620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1979620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1979620                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1979620                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55436                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55436                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2235805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2235805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2235805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2235805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40331.282921                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40331.282921                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40331.282921                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40331.282921                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2124933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2124933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2124933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2124933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38331.282921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38331.282921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38331.282921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38331.282921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55180                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1256513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1256513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1755096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1755096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37651.692625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37651.692625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1661868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1661868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35651.692625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35651.692625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480709000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    480709000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54489.798232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54489.798232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463065000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    463065000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52489.798232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52489.798232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.140765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.710008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.140765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2090492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2090492                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             65356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            65356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1791886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2241824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1791886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2241824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           84611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          84611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.772429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.772429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20201.957615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41590.520843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34301.732052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20201.957615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41590.520843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34301.732052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    405394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1705718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2111112000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    405394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1705718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2111112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18201.957615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39590.520843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32301.732052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18201.957615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39590.520843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32301.732052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73543                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            65356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1791886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2241824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          84611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.772429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20201.957615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41590.520843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34301.732052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    405394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1705718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2111112000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18201.957615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39590.520843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32301.732052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.032334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.351428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.136957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    50.986138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   390.909240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.133080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.099582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.763495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               174135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              174135                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                84611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               84611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       126341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  184691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4537920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1867200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6405120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            161956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           277180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24811979000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
