
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3628009000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  87672                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212840                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   182846                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              317954669                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000353                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2086346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003628                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3628009000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            130211                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000353                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2086346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      191631                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       52556                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            66                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1430895                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3627998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3627998                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1162587                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       103996                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 566242                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        566242                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               986117                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              538730                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16419                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1647213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1647213                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3322792                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1547449                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      191625                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        244178                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      52553                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18760      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1369973     65.66%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1361      0.07%     66.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      4.56%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   51626      2.47%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.04%     73.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     73.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30580      1.47%     75.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.10%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   37694      1.81%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.03%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              109306      5.24%     82.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               29146      1.40%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               14524      0.70%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              80538      3.86%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    87429      4.19%     92.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   47995      2.30%     94.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104196      4.99%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4558      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2086375                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    52                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          146                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          900                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1046                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1282                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3153                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    189072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    189072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         4199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         4199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.750893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.750893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59545.241810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60253.874933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59965.746908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59545.241810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60253.874933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59965.746908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          257                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              257                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    182766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    182766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57545.241810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58253.874933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57965.746908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57545.241810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58253.874933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57965.746908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1720                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    189072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         4199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.750893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59545.241810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60253.874933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59965.746908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57545.241810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58253.874933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57965.746908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1680                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1680                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1680                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1680                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1457.643134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.348837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   108.480410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   394.574283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   954.588440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.052969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.192663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.711740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.827148                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             9293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            9293                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1429291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1429291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1429291                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1429291                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1430895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1430895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1430895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1430895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64595.386534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64595.386534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64595.386534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64595.386534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62595.386534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62595.386534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62595.386534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62595.386534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1349                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1429291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1429291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1430895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1430895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64595.386534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64595.386534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62595.386534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62595.386534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.764978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.911045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.764978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1432499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1432499                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       218240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       218240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  218240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4438000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           16831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           82048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          119744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              201792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        82048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          82048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        16448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            16448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22615159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33005431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               55620590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22615159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22615159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4533616                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4533616                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4533616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22615159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33005431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              60154206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       257.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1282.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1864.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003869658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            14                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            14                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7469                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 230                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3153                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         257                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       257                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      25039500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    15730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 84027000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7959.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26709.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2145                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      195                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3153                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   257                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     207.173996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.023758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    244.352852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           416     39.77%     39.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          387     37.00%     76.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           91      8.70%     85.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           42      4.02%     89.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           22      2.10%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      1.05%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      1.72%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.76%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           51      4.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      224.428571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      96.353313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     463.630608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               7     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2     14.29%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      7.14%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      7.14%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      7.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.214286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.188209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.974961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 5     35.71%     35.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      7.14%     42.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8     57.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  201344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    15424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   201792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 16448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         55.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      55.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3623485000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1062605.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        82048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       119296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        15424                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22615158.892935492098                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32881947.095500588417                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4251367.623398949392                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1282                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1871                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          257                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     33611000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     50416000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  79137263250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26217.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26946.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 307927094.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4126920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2189715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10017420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              568980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      285807600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         967719780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         578233920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1848664335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.553404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1493985500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    120900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2013123500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3348660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1779855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12445020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              689040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      285807600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         395576010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1060039200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1759685385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.027844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2751875750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    120900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    755233250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           240015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               240015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          240031                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              240031                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    181636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    182023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       244137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           244137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       244158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          244158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44065.016982                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44065.016982                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44105.403441                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44105.403441                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2414                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2414                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42065.502183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42065.502183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42105.888054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42105.888054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3870                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          190001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              190001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       191610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          191610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27673.088875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27673.088875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25673.088875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25673.088875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          50014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              50014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137110000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137110000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          52527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.047842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54560.286510                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54560.286510                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132086000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132086000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047842                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047842                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52561.082372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52561.082372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.854758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  189416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.944703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.854758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.968183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.968183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                248284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               248284                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                1531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               1531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              4200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             4200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    237353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    237353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            5731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           5731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64661.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52314.574315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56512.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64661.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52314.574315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56512.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1680                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1680                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89481000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89481000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62661.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50315.295815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54513.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62661.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50315.295815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54513.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      4874                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               1531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             4200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           5731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64661.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52314.574315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56512.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89481000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62661.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50315.295815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54513.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.194137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   6849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 4874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.405211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.155911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.806766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   280.231460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.260070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.547327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                13531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               13531                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5731                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                5730                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2414                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   13875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       418560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       102656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   521216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             17801000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            20630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3628009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7081447000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100148                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34213500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   196692                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              354250315                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2001936                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3931857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007081                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7081447000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            242791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2001936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3931857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      371908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       86456                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2903774                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7081436                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7081436                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1691789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1088805                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       182827                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1420748                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1420748                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2480409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1359498                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38919                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2852094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2852094                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5395287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2414500                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      371902                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        458355                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      86453                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2460040     62.57%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.04%     63.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      2.42%     65.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  131045      3.33%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    75546      1.92%     70.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.05%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   93899      2.39%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.02%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              278189      7.08%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               74125      1.89%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               36978      0.94%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             204865      5.21%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   110036      2.80%     91.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   81894      2.08%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              261866      6.66%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3931897                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    52                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          148                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1175                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1323                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3970                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    239495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    239495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         5293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.750047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.750047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59548.562549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60699.217294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60326.196474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59548.562549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60699.217294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60326.196474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          814                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              814                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74065000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74065000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57548.562549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58699.217294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58326.196474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57548.562549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58699.217294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58326.196474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2623                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         5293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.750047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59548.562549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60699.217294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60326.196474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57548.562549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58699.217294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58326.196474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1627.725481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.580633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   171.084320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   303.896563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1152.744598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.083537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.148387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.562864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.794788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.930664                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            12626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           12626                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2902163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2902163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2902163                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2902163                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2903774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2903774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64579.143389                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64579.143389                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64579.143389                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64579.143389                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62579.143389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62579.143389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62579.143389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62579.143389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2902163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2902163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2903774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64579.143389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64579.143389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62579.143389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62579.143389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.830288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.286136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.830288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2905385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2905385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          814                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       306176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       306176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  306176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8040000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21236500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           82368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          171712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              254080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        82368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          82368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        52096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            52096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           814                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 814                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11631521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24248152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               35879673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11631521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11631521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         7356689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               7356689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         7356689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11631521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24248152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              43236361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       665.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1287.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2613.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003869658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            36                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            36                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10419                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 604                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3970                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         814                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3970                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       814                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      70                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    149                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      34669500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                107794500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8889.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27639.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2376                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      533                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3970                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   814                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.358722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.823594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    221.356113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           750     46.07%     46.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          597     36.67%     82.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           96      5.90%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           46      2.83%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      2.09%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.98%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      1.17%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.49%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           62      3.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      43.227762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     299.049160                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              28     77.78%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      2.78%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      2.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.694444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.675107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.821825                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     16.67%     16.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.78%     19.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                27     75.00%     94.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      5.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  249600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    40768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   254080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 52096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         35.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      35.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       7.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7072123000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1478286.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        82368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       167232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        40768                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11631521.071893921122                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23615512.479299779981                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5757015.480028304271                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2683                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          814                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     33746000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     74048500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 162310628000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26220.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27599.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 199398805.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7082880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3764640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13680240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2255040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      558707760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1792953810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1209420000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3587864370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.656954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3126601250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    236340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3718505750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4541040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2413620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14165760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1070100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      558707760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         695168580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2133870720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3409937580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         481.531187                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5540089750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    236340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1305017250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           452176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               452176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          452192                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              452192                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    264570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    264957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       458303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           458303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       458324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          458324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43181.002122                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43181.002122                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43208.904110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43208.904110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    252318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    252695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41181.328546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41181.328546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41209.230267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41209.230267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       5875                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       371887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          371887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26587.703436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26587.703436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     54388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24587.703436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24587.703436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          82501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              82501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205758000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    205758000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          86416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.045304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52556.321839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52556.321839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197930000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197930000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50556.832695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50556.832695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.826981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  414137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  5875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 70.491404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.826981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                464455                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               464455                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    300364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    300364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            7743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           7743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64613.240418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53807.722208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56736.683037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64613.240418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53807.722208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56736.683037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62613.240418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51808.240477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54737.060824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62613.240418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51808.240477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54737.060824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      6436                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             5294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           7743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64613.240418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53807.722208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56736.683037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62613.240418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51808.240477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54737.060824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.951550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  10399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 6436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.615755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.195527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.275315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.480708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.727501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                18514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               18514                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                7742                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   19308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       637056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   740160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             26858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            30655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7081447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10525849000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118746                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34213500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   228401                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              416259296                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3002666                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5775517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010526                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10525849000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            355113                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3002666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5775517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      552178                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      120163                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4375075                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10525838                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10525838                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2219705                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1560545                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       261453                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2275438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2275438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3974671                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2180490                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       61383                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4055041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4055041                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7464239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3279916                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      552172                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        672332                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     120160                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3547782     61.43%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.02%     61.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.65%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  210805      3.65%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   120474      2.09%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.04%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  150059      2.60%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              447223      7.74%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              119055      2.06%     81.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               59438      1.03%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             329545      5.71%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   132500      2.29%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  115601      2.00%     92.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              419672      7.27%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5775568                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    52                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          148                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1370                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1518                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3422                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4709                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    285585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    285585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.756223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.756223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59548.562549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61059.614261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60646.634105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59548.562549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61059.614261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60646.634105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1305                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1305                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74065000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    276167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74065000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    276167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57548.562549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59059.614261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58646.634105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57548.562549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59059.614261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58646.634105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3323                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    285585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.756223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59548.562549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61059.614261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60646.634105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57548.562549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59059.614261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58646.634105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1723.942771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.703581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   171.693454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   229.663289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1322.586028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.083835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.112140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.645794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1985                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.969238                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            15387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           15387                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4373464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4373464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4373464                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4373464                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4375075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4375075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4375075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4375075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64579.143389                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64579.143389                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64579.143389                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64579.143389                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62579.143389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62579.143389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62579.143389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62579.143389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4373464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4373464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4375075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4375075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64579.143389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64579.143389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62579.143389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62579.143389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.540289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.286136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.540289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4376686                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4376686                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1305                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11234000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25223750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           82368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          219008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              301376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        82368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          82368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        83520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            83520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7825307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20806683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               28631990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7825307                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7825307                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         7934752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               7934752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         7934752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7825307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20806683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              36566742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1127.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1287.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3352.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003869658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            62                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            62                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13270                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1048                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4709                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1305                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4709                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1305                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      70                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    178                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      42224000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                129205250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9101.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27851.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2697                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      941                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4709                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1305                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     174.556505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.068185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    217.222996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           880     41.79%     41.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          911     43.26%     85.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           98      4.65%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           49      2.33%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           38      1.80%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.85%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      0.95%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.47%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           82      3.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           62                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       74.290323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      34.891710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     230.096159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              53     85.48%     85.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3      4.84%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      3.23%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      3.23%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      1.61%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      1.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             62                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           62                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.822581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.810632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.640804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6      9.68%      9.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.61%     11.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                53     85.48%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      3.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             62                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  296896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    70720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   301376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 83520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         28.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      28.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       7.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10516475000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1748665.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        82368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       214528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        70720                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7825307.013239501975                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20381063.798274133354                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6718697.940660178661                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1287                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3422                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1305                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     33746000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     95459250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 239716107000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26220.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27895.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 183690503.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7097160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3772230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13680240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2275920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      830378640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1845540870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2487786720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5190531780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.122387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6449574000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    351260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3725015000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7939680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4220040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             19442220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3492180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      830378640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1403418090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2860100640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5128991490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.275800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7419546500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    351260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2755042500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           664180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               664180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          664196                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              664196                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    342362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    342749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       672269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           672269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       672290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          672290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42324.391148                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42324.391148                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42346.058809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42346.058809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    326186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    326563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40324.638398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40324.638398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40346.305906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40346.305906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7837                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          549401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              549401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       552157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          552157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25402.757620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25402.757620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23402.757620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23402.757620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         114779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             114779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272352000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272352000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       120112                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         120112                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044400                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.044400                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51069.191824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51069.191824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261688000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261688000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49069.566848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49069.566848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.192530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  636919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.270767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.192530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                680383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               680383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    357118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    357118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            9705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           9705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.641731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64613.240418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55163.363238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57340.719332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64613.240418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55163.363238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57340.719332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62613.240418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53163.780513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55341.040462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62613.240418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53163.780513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55341.040462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      7739                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    357118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           9705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64613.240418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55163.363238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57340.719332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    344664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62613.240418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53163.780513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55341.040462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.930801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  13619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 7739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.759788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.494217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    30.532289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   412.904294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.125965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.059633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.806454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                23197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               23197                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9705                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                9704                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       853376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   956480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             35910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            40465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10525849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13969748000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 130323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34213500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   248040                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              455006966                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001171                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7615390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013970                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13969748000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            467362                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7615390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      731841                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      153948                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5843682                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13969737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13969737                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2747362                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2031826                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       340053                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3127348                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3127348                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5464625                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2998758                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       83815                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5256191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5256191                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9530215                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4144307                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      731835                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        885780                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     153945                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18781      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4634887     60.86%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1429      0.02%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.25%     62.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  289836      3.81%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   165312      2.17%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.03%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  206104      2.71%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              615544      8.08%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              163906      2.15%     81.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               81828      1.07%     82.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             453356      5.95%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   155023      2.04%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  149385      1.96%     92.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              576812      7.57%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4560      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7615452                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    52                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          148                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1576                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1724                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4235                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5526                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    337403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    337403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.762207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.762207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59557.707204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61514.521842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61057.365183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59557.707204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61514.521842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61057.365183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2025                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2025                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    326351000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74307000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    326351000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57557.707204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59514.521842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59057.365183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57557.707204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59514.521842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59057.365183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4191                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    337403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.762207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59557.707204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61514.521842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61057.365183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74307000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.897151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57557.707204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59514.521842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59057.365183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1801.609474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.809115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   146.531774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   174.096410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1480.981290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.071549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.085008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.723135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.879692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5842067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5842067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5842067                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5842067                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5843682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5843682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5843682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5843682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64616.099071                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64616.099071                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64616.099071                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64616.099071                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62616.099071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62616.099071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62616.099071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62616.099071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5842067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5842067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5843682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5843682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64616.099071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64616.099071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62616.099071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62616.099071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.900145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                149.864706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.900145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5845297                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5845297                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       483264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       483264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  483264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15651000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           29638250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           82624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          271040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              353664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        82624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          82624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       129600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           129600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5914495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19401925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               25316419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5914495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5914495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9277190                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9277190                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9277190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5914495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19401925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              34593609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1758.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1291.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4135.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003869658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            97                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            97                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16449                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1644                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5526                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2025                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5526                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2025                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    267                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      52295250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    27130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                154032750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9637.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28387.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2959                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1491                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5526                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2025                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     169.053486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    115.528265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    218.230819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1212     44.71%     44.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1138     41.98%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          101      3.73%     90.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      1.95%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           39      1.44%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.74%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.81%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.55%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          111      4.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           97                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       55.865979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      28.953485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     185.317050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              87     89.69%     89.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             4      4.12%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      2.06%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      2.06%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      1.03%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      1.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             97                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           97                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.886598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.878730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.517934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6      6.19%      6.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.03%      7.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                88     90.72%     97.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             97                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  347264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   111040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   353664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                129600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         24.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      25.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13965224000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1849453.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        82624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       264640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       111040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5914494.663754850626                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18943791.971050586551                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7948604.369957138784                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1291                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4235                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2025                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     33862250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    120170500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 325852324250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26229.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28375.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 160914728.02                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10460100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5559675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17842860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4932900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1102664160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2789449470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3015373440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6946282605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.237502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7811224750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    466440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5692083250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8896440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4728570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20898780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4123800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1102664160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1640351700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3983034720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6764698170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.239098                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10336118750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    466440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3167189250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           875662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               875662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          875678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              875678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    425765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    426152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       885706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           885706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       885727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          885727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42389.984070                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42389.984070                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42407.403722                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42407.403722                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    405679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    406056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40390.183194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40390.183194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40407.602747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40407.602747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9792                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          728535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              728535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     84345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          731820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25675.799087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25675.799087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23675.799087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23675.799087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         147127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             147127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341420000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    341420000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       153886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         153886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50513.389555                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50513.389555                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327904000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327904000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043922                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043922                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48513.685456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48513.685456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.884643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  856160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 87.434641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.884643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                895775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               895775                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    420601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    420601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           11664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          11664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.621656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64637.943016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56363.902271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58005.930217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64637.943016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56363.902271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58005.930217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    406101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    406101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62637.943016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54364.246387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56006.206041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62637.943016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54364.246387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56006.206041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      9182                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93014000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    420601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          11664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64637.943016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56363.902271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58005.930217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90136000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    406101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62637.943016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54364.246387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56006.206041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.933962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  17015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 9182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.853082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    51.839668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    23.161818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   433.932475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.101249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.847524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                28031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               28031                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                11664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               11663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   30000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1070144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1173504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             45029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            50240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13969748000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17412682000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 136278                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34213500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   257721                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              474578509                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000129                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9455990                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017413                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17412682000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            579642                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9455990                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      911690                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      187748                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7312464                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17412671                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17412671                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3275188                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2503191                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       418677                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3979586                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3979586                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6954743                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             3817354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      106253                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6457902                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6457902                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11597286                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5009049                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      911684                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1099429                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     187745                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.20%      0.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5721698     60.51%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.02%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.01%     61.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  369195      3.90%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   210150      2.22%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  262149      2.77%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              784029      8.29%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              208757      2.21%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              104218      1.10%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             577495      6.11%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   177568      1.88%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  183184      1.94%     92.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              734116      7.76%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9456063                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    53                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          152                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1786                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1938                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5022                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6324                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    388204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    388204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.737662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.765432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.737662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.765432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59590.629800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61851.254480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61385.831752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59590.629800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61851.254480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61385.831752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2870                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2870                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74983000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    375556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74983000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    375556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.737662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.737662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57590.629800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59851.254480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59385.831752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57590.629800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59851.254480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59385.831752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5127                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    388204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.737662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.765432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59590.629800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61851.254480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61385.831752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74983000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.737662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57590.629800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59851.254480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59385.831752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6049                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6049                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6049                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6049                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1850.327203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.911644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   120.453773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   140.952029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1588.921401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.058815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.068824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.775841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            21486                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           21486                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7310834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7310834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7310834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7310834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7312464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7312464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64612.883436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64612.883436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64612.883436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64612.883436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62612.883436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62612.883436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62612.883436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62612.883436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7310834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7310834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7312464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64612.883436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64612.883436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62612.883436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62612.883436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.117614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                327.670545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.117614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7314094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7314094                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       588416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       588416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  588416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            20674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33952750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           83328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          321408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              404736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        83328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          83328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       183680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           183680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4785478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18458271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23243748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4785478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4785478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10548633                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10548633                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10548633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4785478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18458271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              33792382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2483.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1302.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4892.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003869658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           137                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           137                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19712                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2326                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6324                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2870                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6324                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2870                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    387                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      62333750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                178471250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10063.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28813.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3210                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2117                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6324                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2870                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     166.596449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.386561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    219.678478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1529     46.01%     46.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1382     41.59%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          106      3.19%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           57      1.72%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      1.23%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.66%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      0.69%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.66%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          141      4.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       45.124088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      25.488069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     156.623257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             127     92.70%     92.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             4      2.92%     95.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      1.46%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.46%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.73%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.73%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.927007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.921124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.447789                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6      4.38%      4.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.73%      5.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               127     92.70%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      2.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  396416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   157184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   404736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                183680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         22.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17403358000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1892903.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        83328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       313088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       157184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4785477.619128403254                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17980458.151133757085                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9026983.895990291610                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5022                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2870                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     34192250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    144279000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 406492841000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26261.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28729.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 141635136.24                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13280400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7058700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21170100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7438500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1374335040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3529786560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3714018240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8667087540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.745697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9619667750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    581360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7211654250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10445820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5552085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             23055060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5381820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1374335040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1994927040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5006531520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8420228385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.568722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12992676250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    581360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3838645750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1087412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1087412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1087428                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1087428                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11937                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11937                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    506657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    507044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1099344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1099344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1099365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1099365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42462.034864                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42462.034864                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42476.669180                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42476.669180                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8066                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8066                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    482795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    483172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40462.202481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40462.202481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40476.836726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40476.836726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11680                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          907880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              907880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       911669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          911669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25550.277118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25550.277118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23550.277118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23550.277118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         179532                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             179532                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8143                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8143                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409847000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    409847000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       187675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         187675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043389                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043389                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50331.204716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50331.204716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393563000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393563000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48331.450325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48331.450325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.302903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1048246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 89.747089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.302903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1111301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1111301                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8263                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389077000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    482962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389077000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    482962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           13567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          13567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.609051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.609051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64570.151307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57141.577324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58448.747428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64570.151307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57141.577324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58448.747428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6049                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6049                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62570.151307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55141.871053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56448.989471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62570.151307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55141.871053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56448.989471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     10628                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    482962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          13567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.609051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64570.151307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57141.577324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58448.747428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    466438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62570.151307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55141.871053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56448.989471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8066                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8066                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8066                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8066                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.540196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                10628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.926797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    43.568681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.189344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   446.782171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.085095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.872621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                32773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               32773                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                13567                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               13566                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8066                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   35199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1280128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1384448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             53897000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            59680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17412682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20856512000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 141253                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34213500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   265980                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              490946767                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000695                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11299404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020857                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20856512000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691964                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11299404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1091878                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      221454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8783764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20856501                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20856501                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3803104                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2974931                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       497303                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4834112                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4834112                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              8448923                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4638182                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      128717                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7660684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7660684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13665906                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5874383                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1091872                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1313323                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     221451                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6809686     60.27%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.01%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.84%     61.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  448791      3.97%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   255078      2.26%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  318309      2.82%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              952981      8.43%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              253687      2.25%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              126678      1.12%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             702011      6.21%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200032      1.77%     90.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216890      1.92%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              891840      7.89%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11299487                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    53                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          152                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1981                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2133                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5761                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7063                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    434708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    434708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         9196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         9196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.768051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.768051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59590.629800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61989.411560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61547.217896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59590.629800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61989.411560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61547.217896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3601                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3601                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74983000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    420582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74983000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    420582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57590.629800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59989.411560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59547.217896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57590.629800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59989.411560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59547.217896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5911                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    434708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         9196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.768051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59590.629800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61989.411560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61547.217896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74983000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57590.629800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59989.411560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59547.217896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1882.966961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              11563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.956183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   103.752408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   118.804459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1660.410094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.050660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.058010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.810747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            24194                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           24194                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8782134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8782134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8782134                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8782134                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8783764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8783764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64612.883436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64612.883436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64612.883436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64612.883436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62612.883436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62612.883436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62612.883436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62612.883436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8782134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8782134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8783764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64612.883436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64612.883436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62612.883436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62612.883436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.263314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                327.670545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.263314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8785394                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8785394                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7063                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7063                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       682496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       682496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  682496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25068000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37935500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           83328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          368704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              452032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        83328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          83328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       230464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           230464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3995299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17678124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21673423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3995299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3995299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11049978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11049978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11049978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3995299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17678124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              32723401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3185.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1302.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5631.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003869658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           176                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           176                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22799                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2990                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7063                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3601                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7063                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3601                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    416                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      70306750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                200300500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10140.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28890.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3547                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2730                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7063                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3601                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     169.385100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    115.674380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    222.918472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1635     42.89%     42.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1718     45.07%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          109      2.86%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           60      1.57%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      1.08%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.60%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.76%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.66%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          172      4.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       39.312500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      23.751723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     138.523929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             166     94.32%     94.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             4      2.27%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      1.14%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.14%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.931818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.926256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.435443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7      3.98%      3.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.14%      5.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               163     92.61%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      2.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  443712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   201984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   452032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                230464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20847188000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1954912.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        83328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       360384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       201984                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3995298.926301770844                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17279207.568360421807                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9684457.305229177698                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5761                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3601                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     34192250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    166108250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 487143369750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26261.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28833.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 135280024.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13294680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7066290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21170100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7475040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1646005920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3581886840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4992575040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10269473910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.386930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12943136000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    696280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7217096000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13923000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7400250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28331520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8999280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1646005920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2719768110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5718569760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10142997840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.322825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14834892000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    696280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5325340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1299397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1299397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1299413                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1299413                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         13836                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             13836                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    583917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    584304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1313228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1313228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1313249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1313249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42217.988576                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42217.988576                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42230.702515                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42230.702515                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9420                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9420                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    556257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    556257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    556634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    556634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40218.133179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40218.133179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40230.847066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40230.847066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13579                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1087524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1087524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108269000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108269000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24987.075929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24987.075929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22987.075929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22987.075929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         211873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             211873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475648000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    475648000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       221371                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         221371                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50078.753422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50078.753422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456654000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456654000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48078.963992                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48078.963992                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.583128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1262678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 92.987554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.583128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1327084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1327084                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              9197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             9197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    540130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    540130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           15466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          15466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.594659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.594659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64570.151307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57632.054759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58728.933348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64570.151307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57632.054759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58728.933348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    521738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    521738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62570.151307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55632.313057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56729.150810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62570.151307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55632.313057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56729.150810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     11871                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             9197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    540130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          15466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.594659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64570.151307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57632.054759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58728.933348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    521738000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62570.151307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55632.313057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56729.150810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.946359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  23559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.984584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.073473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.050377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   454.822509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.076315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.888325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                37269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               37269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                15466                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               15465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   40351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1488320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1592640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             62566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            69175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20856512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24305137000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 144005                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34213500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   270331                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              500004735                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13140743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024305                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24305137000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            804306                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13140743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1271675                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           199                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10253554                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24305137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24305137                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4331209                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3446612                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       575969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5686707                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5686707                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              9940063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             5457105                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151166                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8862790                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8862790                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15733490                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6739460                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1271669                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1526927                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255258                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18801      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7897666     60.10%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1497      0.01%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.72%     60.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  527886      4.02%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   299956      2.28%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  374403      2.85%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             1121432      8.53%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              298578      2.27%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              149085      1.13%     82.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             825918      6.29%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   222564      1.69%     90.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  250696      1.91%     91.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1049105      7.98%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4562      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13140838                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    53                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          152                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2219                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2371                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1307                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6575                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7882                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    487223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    487223000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.747669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.768751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.747669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.768751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59801.836266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62214.752852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61814.640954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59801.836266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62214.752852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61814.640954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4405                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4405                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    471459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    471459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.747669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.747669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57801.836266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60214.752852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59814.640954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57801.836266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60214.752852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59814.640954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  6844                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    487223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.747669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.768751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59801.836266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62214.752852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61814.640954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395912000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.747669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57801.836266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60214.752852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59814.640954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1906.383289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.067364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    91.750518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   102.649371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1711.983400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.044800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.050122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.835929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.930851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            27275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           27275                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10251919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10251919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10251919                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10251919                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1635                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1635                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10253554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10253554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64818.348624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64818.348624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64818.348624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64818.348624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62818.348624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62818.348624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62818.348624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62818.348624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1380                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10251919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10251919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64818.348624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64818.348624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62818.348624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62818.348624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.367841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10253554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               6271.286850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.367841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10255189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10255189                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       786368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       786368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  786368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            29907000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42361250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           83648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          420800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              504448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        83648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          83648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       281920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           281920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3441577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17313212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20754789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3441577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3441577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11599194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11599194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11599194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3441577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17313212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              32353983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3901.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1307.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003869658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           216                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           216                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26066                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3668                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7882                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4405                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7882                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4405                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80970250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                225757750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10485.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29235.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3805                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3356                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  49.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7882                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4405                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     167.361299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.803897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    223.619339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1972     44.47%     44.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1946     43.89%     88.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          121      2.73%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      1.42%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           43      0.97%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.54%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.70%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      0.63%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          206      4.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       35.694444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      22.755986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     125.277809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             205     94.91%     94.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5      2.31%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      0.93%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.93%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.935185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.930110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.415360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8      3.70%      3.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.93%      4.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               202     93.52%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      1.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  494208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   247936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   504448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                281920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24302212000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1977880.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        83648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       410560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       247936                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3441576.980207928922                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16891902.316781837493                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10200971.095122812316                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1307                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6575                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4405                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     34599000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    191158750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 568400571500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26472.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29073.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 129035317.03                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16993200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9028305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25725420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10633140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1918291440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4607090550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5453517600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12041279655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.421180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14130602750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    811460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9363074250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14672700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7798725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             29409660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9589140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1918291440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2916756120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6876957120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11773474905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.402738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17844162250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    811460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5649514750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1510937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1510937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1510953                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1510953                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15887                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15887                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    669234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    669234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    669621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    669621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1526819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1526819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1526840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1526840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42137.891953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42137.891953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42148.989740                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42148.989740                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10885                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10885                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    637470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    637470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    637847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    637847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40137.891953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40137.891953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40148.989740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40148.989740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15631                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1266728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1266728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123366000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123366000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1271654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1271654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25043.848965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25043.848965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23043.848965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23043.848965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         244209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             244209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    545868000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    545868000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255165                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255165                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49823.658269                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49823.658269                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523956000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    523956000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47823.658269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47823.658269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       387000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.784166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1526840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 96.106250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.784166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1542727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1542727                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    510234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    604748000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    510234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    604748000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           17522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          17522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.585150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.585150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64779.986292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58020.695929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58982.541695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64779.986292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58020.695929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58982.541695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    584242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62779.986292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56020.695929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56982.541695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62779.986292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56020.695929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56982.541695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13350                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    510234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    604748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          17522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.585150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64779.986292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58020.695929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58982.541695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492646000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    584242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62779.986292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56020.695929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56982.541695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.237748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  28407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.049271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    35.487022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.903084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   460.847642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.069311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.900093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                17522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               17522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10885                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   45929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1713408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1818048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             71947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            79435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24305137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
