
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3738795000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121946                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34428764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   212887                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              453213304                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1005967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003739                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3738795000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            175664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1005967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      242818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      109650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1318966                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3738784                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3738784                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               790039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       125681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 228755                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        228755                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               298240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              191100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1632283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1632283                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3379522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1419325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      242790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        352409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     109619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13820      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1218945     69.41%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11643      0.66%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     73003      4.16%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     141      0.01%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       26      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11254      0.64%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      382      0.02%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3927      0.22%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               23154      1.32%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7810      0.44%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 224      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              39488      2.25%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   149285      8.50%     88.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   77448      4.41%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               93505      5.32%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              32171      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1118                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1724                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2842                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4006                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    234204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    234204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58116.945107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58843.014129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58463.305042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58116.945107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58843.014129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58463.305042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           22                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               22                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117565000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56116.945107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56843.014129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56463.305042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56116.945107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56843.014129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56463.305042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   217                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58116.945107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58843.014129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58463.305042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108627000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56116.945107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56843.014129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56463.305042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3206.938565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.253456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.855887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1669.547885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1536.534793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.025475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.023446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.048934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.057877                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            13083                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           13083                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    186046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    186046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50269.116455                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50269.116455                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50269.116455                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50269.116455                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178644000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    178644000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178644000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    178644000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48269.116455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48269.116455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48269.116455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48269.116455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3445                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    186046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50269.116455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50269.116455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178644000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178644000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48269.116455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48269.116455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.349526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  302775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.888244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.349526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.981834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1322667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1322667                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       257792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       257792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  257792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4116000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21268500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          134080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          122304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       134080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         134080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             1408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           35861822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32712144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               68573966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      35861822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          35861822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          376592                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                376592                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          376592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          35861822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32712144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              68950558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        22.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2095.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1910.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000564000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 8992                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4006                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          22                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4006                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       16.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      25683750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                100777500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6412.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25162.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3181                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4006                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    22                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     311.067961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    199.517101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    301.616907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           230     27.91%     27.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          238     28.88%     56.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          111     13.47%     70.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      7.65%     77.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      4.98%     82.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      4.13%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      2.43%     89.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      1.58%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           74      8.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  256320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   256384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  1408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      68.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     1469829000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      364902.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       134080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       122240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 35861821.790175713599                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32695026.071234181523                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1911                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           22                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51962000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     48815500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24802.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25544.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3070200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1631850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14315700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         399531810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1099249440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1812826200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.869109                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2853854500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    124800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    760140500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2813160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1495230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14280000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         374739660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1120127040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1808482290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.707261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2908365000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    124800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    705630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    223163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33456.377858                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33456.377858                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33482.820705                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33482.820705                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    209124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    209835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31456.678700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31456.678700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31483.120780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31483.120780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21908.627921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21908.627921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19908.627921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19908.627921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149287000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    149287000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45101.812689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45101.812689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142669000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142669000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43102.416918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43102.416918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       745000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       745000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       711000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       711000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.967093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.967093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                359112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               359112                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    315216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    315216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49590.413943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42871.837184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46023.653088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49590.413943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42871.837184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46023.653088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    301520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    301520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47590.413943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40872.387239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44023.945101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47590.413943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40872.387239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44023.945101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8236                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49590.413943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42871.837184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46023.653088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    301520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47590.413943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40872.387239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44023.945101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              498.923506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.692583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.932247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   302.298677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.590427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.974460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22635                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       651840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            18505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             27971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            33320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7384856000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122158                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34455376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   225035                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              449793854                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2005601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007385                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7384856000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            418358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2005601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      218980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2594285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7384845                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7384845                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2001511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1301919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       310647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 272041                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        272041                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               357051                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              226164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       78203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7032186                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2982030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      447966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        666797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     218831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21798      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802346     75.85%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12786      0.35%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81041      2.19%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     474      0.01%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      146      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14328      0.39%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4812      0.13%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10968      0.30%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25788      0.70%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9641      0.26%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 236      0.01%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              43167      1.17%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   339209      9.18%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  184003      4.98%     96.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108757      2.94%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34828      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3694706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           11934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8122                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3812                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          11934                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2770                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6322                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    377132000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    377132000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.346297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.346297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59423.986486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59948.736462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.906991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59423.986486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59948.736462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.906991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               95                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    203970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    203970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57423.986486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57948.736462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.906991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57423.986486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57948.736462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.906991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   681                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          11934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    377132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.346297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59423.986486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59948.736462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.906991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    203970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57423.986486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57948.736462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.906991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4107.956446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.696035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.879131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2137.686890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1965.390425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.032619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.029989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.062682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5668                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.086487                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            29371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           29371                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    490229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    490229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    490229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    490229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30739.214949                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30739.214949                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30739.214949                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30739.214949                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28739.340356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28739.340356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28739.340356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28739.340356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15691                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    490229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    490229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30739.214949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30739.214949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    458335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28739.340356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28739.340356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.645564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2452660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.645564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2610232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2610232                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       410688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       410688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  410688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33639500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          227328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          177280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              404608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       227328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         227328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         6080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             6080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            95                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  95                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           30782997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24005884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               54788881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      30782997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          30782997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          823307                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                823307                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          823307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          30782997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24005884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55612188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        85.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3552.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2765.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007197916500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14622                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  63                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6322                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          95                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6322                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        95                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      48082500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                166526250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7611.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26361.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4693                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       56                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 65.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6322                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    95                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     249.893578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    168.893347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    251.520742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           509     31.13%     31.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          540     33.03%     64.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          263     16.09%     80.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          101      6.18%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           55      3.36%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      2.51%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      1.59%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.98%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           84      5.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     897.428807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1769.897360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.750000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.729785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.957427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1     25.00%     75.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     25.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  404288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     4288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   404608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  6080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         54.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      54.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7350491000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1145471.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       227328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       176960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         4288                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 30782996.987348161638                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23962552.553495962173                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 580647.747227569460                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3552                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2770                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           95                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     92710250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     73816000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 108982316000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26100.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26648.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1147182273.68                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6126120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3256110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23347800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               36540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      582678720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         982172700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2008692000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3606309990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.338566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5212571250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    246480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1925804750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5547780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2948715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             21755580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              313200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      582678720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         889659420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2086597920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3589501335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.062468                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5415638500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    246480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1722737500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    397176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    399730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28240.614334                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28240.614334                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28197.658014                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28197.658014                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    371378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26240.614334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26240.614334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26197.658014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26197.658014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    171864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20540.695590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20540.695590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18540.695590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18540.695590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225312000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    225312000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39549.236440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39549.236440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    213918000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213918000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37549.236440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37549.236440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2554000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2554000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22803.571429                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22803.571429                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2330000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2330000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20803.571429                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20803.571429                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.439389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  641150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.059626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.439389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                681571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               681571                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    601816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    601816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.606062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30469.550321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37387.420237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32963.575615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30469.550321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37387.420237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32963.575615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332384000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565304000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332384000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565304000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28469.721627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35387.420237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30963.685162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28469.721627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35387.420237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30963.685162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21520                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    601816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30469.550321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37387.420237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32963.575615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332384000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28469.721627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35387.420237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30963.685162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.379650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.617007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.263221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   169.337869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   243.778561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.330738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.476130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   67331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            79735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            70880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7384856000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11160939000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  85532                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34473460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   161054                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              318200624                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011161                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11160939000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            664460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      697620                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      342414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3884533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11160928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11160928                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3254303                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       492688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               386572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              244092                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      123353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5479530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5479530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10799401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4546091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      696568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1038730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     342162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27846      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4364601     77.26%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12970      0.23%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81801      1.45%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     634      0.01%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      258      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16254      0.29%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8906      0.16%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15855      0.28%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26705      0.47%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9727      0.17%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 243      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              44129      0.78%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   579445     10.26%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  306652      5.43%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              117123      2.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              35510      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5649037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   246                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16345                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6565                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22910                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5008                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3128                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8136                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    487203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    487203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.262063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.262063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59708.266773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60161.125320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59882.374631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59708.266773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60161.125320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59882.374631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    470931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    470931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57708.266773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58161.125320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57882.374631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57708.266773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58161.125320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57882.374631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1188                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    487203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.262063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59708.266773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60161.125320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59882.374631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289003000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57708.266773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58161.125320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57882.374631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4944.377830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.952020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.190570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2645.330989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2289.856272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.040365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.034940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.075445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.106552                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            45340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           45340                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    828272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828272000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    828272000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27402.633494                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27402.633494                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27402.633494                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27402.633494                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    767820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    767820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    767820000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    767820000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25402.633494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25402.633494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25402.633494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25402.633494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29970                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828272000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    828272000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27402.633494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27402.633494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    767820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    767820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25402.633494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25402.633494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.442141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3584451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                119.601301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.442141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3914759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3914759                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       528512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       528512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  528512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8746000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43308750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          320512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          200192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              520704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       320512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         320512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28717297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17936842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               46654139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28717297                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28717297                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          699583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                699583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          699583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28717297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17936842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              47353722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       112.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5008.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009097726500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19246                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  78                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8136                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         122                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8136                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       122                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      63679250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                216135500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7831.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26581.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5952                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       71                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8136                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   122                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     239.956164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.771300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    243.170045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           713     32.56%     32.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          732     33.42%     65.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          326     14.89%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          137      6.26%     87.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           81      3.70%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      2.33%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      1.51%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.82%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           99      4.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1509.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     987.810425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1533.133295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.581212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.894427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     60.00%     60.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1     20.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  520384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   520704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      46.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11160457000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1351472.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       320512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       199872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5312                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28717296.994455393404                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17908170.629729274660                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 475945.617120566661                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5008                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3128                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          122                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    132126500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     84009000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 159885674000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26383.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26857.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1310538311.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6697320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3559710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25075680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               36540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      880779120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1132489680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3332125440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5380763490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.106702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8651562250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    372580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2136796750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8946420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4751340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32979660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              396720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      880779120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1603885380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2935160640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5466899280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.824313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7614084000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    372580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3174275000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    519869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    523259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25997.349602                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25997.349602                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25969.477393                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25969.477393                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    479877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    482963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23997.449617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23997.449617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23969.576654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23969.576654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    257593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19581.375903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19581.375903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    231285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17581.527936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17581.527936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262276000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    262276000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38333.235896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38333.235896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248592000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248592000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36333.235896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36333.235896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22302.631579                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22302.631579                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3086000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3086000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20302.631579                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20302.631579                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.644051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  997705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 50.156093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.644051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1060146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1060146                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            8873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         21353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566592000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    874529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566592000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    874529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.616318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26534.538472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31765.731380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28167.906722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26534.538472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31765.731380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28167.906722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    812437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    812437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24534.538472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29765.937693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26167.971141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24534.538472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29765.937693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26167.971141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35462                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566592000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    874529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26534.538472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31765.731380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28167.906722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523886000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    812437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24534.538472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29765.937693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26167.971141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.619515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.610738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.129891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   200.920519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.569104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.426893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                95484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               95484                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  109884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3808576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           151130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             96050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11160939000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15253194000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89736                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34490020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   169882                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              342180558                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000105                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015253                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15253194000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            871669                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      972827                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           114                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      532043                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5195338                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15253183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15253183                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4243397                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2453137                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       635436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 316759                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        316759                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               422078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              261358                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174575                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7387297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7387297                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14672249                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6053330                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      971535                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1503232                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     531697                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31569      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5806697     76.68%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13871      0.18%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81808      1.08%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     737      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.02%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19140      0.25%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11530      0.15%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18195      0.24%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28324      0.37%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  18      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9762      0.13%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 251      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              45971      0.61%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  6      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   849078     11.21%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  493116      6.51%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              122457      1.62%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38581      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7572751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        29534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           39337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        29534                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9803                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          39337                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6148                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3346                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9494                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    568395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    568395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.254468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.194426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.254468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.194426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59723.324658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60136.282128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59868.864546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59723.324658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60136.282128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59868.864546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    354883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194524000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    549407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    354883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194524000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    549407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.254468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.254468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57723.324658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58136.282128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57868.864546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57723.324658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58136.282128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57868.864546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1401                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        29534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          39337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    568395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.254468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.194426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59723.324658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60136.282128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59868.864546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    354883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194524000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.254468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57723.324658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58136.282128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57868.864546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5558.277979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.121342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    12.358903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3055.962595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2489.956481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.046630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.037994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.084813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.124023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            66235                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           66235                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1260865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1260865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1260865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1260865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24798.210247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24798.210247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24798.210247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24798.210247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1159177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1159177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1159177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1159177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22798.249582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22798.249582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22798.249582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22798.249582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      50588                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1260865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1260865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24798.210247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24798.210247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1159177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1159177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22798.249582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22798.249582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.860097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5174532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 50588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                102.287736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.860097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5246182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5246182                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       615424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       615424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  615424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           50537250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          393472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          214144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              607616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       393472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         393472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           25796040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14039289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               39835329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      25796040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          25796040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          511893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                511893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          511893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          25796040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14039289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              40347222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       112.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6148.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3340.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009097726500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23010                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  78                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9494                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         122                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9494                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       122                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      74185000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    47440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                252085000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7818.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26568.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6942                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       71                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9494                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   122                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     239.530700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    161.161569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    246.576723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           852     33.32%     33.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          856     33.48%     66.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          360     14.08%     80.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          159      6.22%     87.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           90      3.52%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      2.23%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.53%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.86%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          122      4.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1509.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     987.810425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1533.133295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.581212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.894427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     60.00%     60.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1     20.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  607232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   607616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         39.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      39.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15248252000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1585716.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       393472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       213760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5312                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 25796039.832706514746                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14014114.027527611703                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 348254.929426584393                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6148                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3346                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          122                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    162302750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     89782250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 159885674000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26399.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26832.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1310538311.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7789740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4140345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             29616720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               36540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1203465120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1326203040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4740424320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7311675825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.353755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12310902000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    509080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2433212000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10474380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5563470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38127600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              396720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1203465120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1955138190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4210794720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7423960200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.715123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10926859000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    509080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3817255000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    648406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    648406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    652020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    652020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24191.545722                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24191.545722                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24178.440316                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24178.440316                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    594800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    594800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    598086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22191.545722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22191.545722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22178.440316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22178.440316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26711                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    361767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18971.472023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18971.472023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16971.472023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16971.472023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286639000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    286639000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37062.192914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37062.192914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271171000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    271171000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35062.192914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35062.192914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3614000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3614000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3286000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3286000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.276125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.475759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.276125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1531800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1531800                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    818749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1184210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    818749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1184210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22945.071883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27793.824625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24250.696265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22945.071883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27793.824625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24250.696265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    747385000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1086548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    747385000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1086548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20945.127932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25793.824625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22250.737221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20945.127932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25793.824625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22250.737221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54473                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    818749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1184210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22945.071883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27793.824625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24250.696265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    747385000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1086548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20945.127932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25793.824625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22250.737221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.794748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.631726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.601455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.135890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   204.057403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.165237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.429953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               144724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              144724                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2489216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3254016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5743232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           254220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            137447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           134835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15253194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19406854000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97625                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34501684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   182521                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              378899252                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000221                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9348543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019407                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19406854000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057085                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9348543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1236468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      685261                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6535917                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1479                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19406843                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19406843                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5186503                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2991952                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       765677                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 389390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        389390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               552091                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              323565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214670                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9112910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9112910                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18193139                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7429793                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1235176                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1920052                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     684876                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32836      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7125673     76.22%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17353      0.19%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82207      0.88%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2241      0.02%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22346      0.24%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11550      0.12%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20641      0.22%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43801      0.47%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  90      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10558      0.11%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 374      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              57164      0.61%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 54      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1098197     11.75%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636928      6.81%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136979      1.47%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47948      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9348580                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        49167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           63570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        49167                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14403                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          63570                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6983                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3415                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10398                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    415771000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    621280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    415771000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    621280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        73968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        73968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.124363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.140574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.124363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.140574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59540.455392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60178.330893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59749.951914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59540.455392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60178.330893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59749.951914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    600484000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    600484000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.124363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.124363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57540.455392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58178.330893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57749.951914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57540.455392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58178.330893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57749.951914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1431                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        49167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          63570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    415771000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    621280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        73968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.124363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59540.455392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60178.330893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59749.951914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    600484000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.124363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57540.455392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58178.330893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57749.951914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6243.778345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.118099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.208362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3580.612254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2648.957729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.054636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.040420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.095272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.137360                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            96097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           96097                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6460262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6460262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6460262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6460262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          75655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              75655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         75655                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             75655                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1762333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1762333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1762333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1762333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6535917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6535917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23294.336131                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23294.336131                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23294.336131                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23294.336131                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1611025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1611025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21294.362567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21294.362567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21294.362567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21294.362567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      75398                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6460262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6460262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         75655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             75655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1762333000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1762333000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6535917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23294.336131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23294.336131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1611025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21294.362567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21294.362567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.104071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6517783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 75398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.445038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.104071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6611571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6611571                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       673280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       673280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  673280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           55331500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          446912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          218560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              665472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       446912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         446912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           23028565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           11262001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               34290566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      23028565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          23028565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          402332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                402332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          402332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          23028565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          11262001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              34692898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       112.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6983.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3409.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009097726500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25886                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  78                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10398                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         122                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10398                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       122                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80013750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    51960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                274863750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7699.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26449.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7663                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       71                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10398                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   122                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     244.582269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    163.338205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.713980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           906     33.05%     33.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          908     33.13%     66.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          389     14.19%     80.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          167      6.09%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           97      3.54%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           65      2.37%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      1.53%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.84%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          144      5.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1509.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     987.810425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1533.133295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.581212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.894427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     60.00%     60.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1     20.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  665088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   665472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         34.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      34.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19385417000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1842720.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       446912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       218176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5312                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 23028565.062631994486                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 11242213.704498419538                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 273717.728798289492                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6983                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          122                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    183092000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     91771750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 159885674000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26219.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26873.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1310538311.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8453760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4493280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33558000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               36540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1531682880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1487711400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6199422720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9265358580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         477.427129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16102217500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    647920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2656716500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11116980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5908815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40640880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              396720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1531682880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2106691500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5678176320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9374614095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.056867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14740284750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    647920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4018649250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1884634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1884634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1885676                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1885676                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    806231000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    806231000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    810650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1920439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1920439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1921692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1921692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22517.274124                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22517.274124                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22508.051977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22508.051977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    734621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    734621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    738618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20517.274124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20517.274124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20508.051977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20508.051977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      35760                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1209499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1209499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    477344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1235215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1235215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18562.140302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18562.140302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425912000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    425912000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16562.140302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16562.140302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         675135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             675135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328887000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    328887000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       685224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         685224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32598.572703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32598.572703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308709000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308709000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30598.572703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30598.572703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4419000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      4419000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20943.127962                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20943.127962                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3997000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3997000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18943.127962                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18943.127962                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.645087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1875648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 35760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 52.451007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.645087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1957708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1957708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             73969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            73969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1131755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1562068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1131755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1562068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20155.562679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24150.465821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21117.873704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20155.562679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24150.465821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21117.873704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1019455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1019455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18155.598297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22150.465821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19117.900742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18155.598297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22150.465821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19117.900742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82989                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            73969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1131755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1562068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20155.562679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24150.465821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21117.873704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1019455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18155.598297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22150.465821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19117.900742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.480770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.535469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.470722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   259.625195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   171.384853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.507080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.334736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211665                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4841856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8202432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           378270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            194136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           180080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19406854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23548914000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109523                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34503356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   203422                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              429851595                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000049                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11144204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023549                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23548914000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1247451                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11144204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1499697                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      840369                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7875164                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23548903                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23548903                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6149657                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3534842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       899713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 453624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        453624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               666884                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              379012                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      255140                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10863463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10863463                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21752685                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8826434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1498405                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2338374                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     839969                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34067      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8466597     75.97%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20821      0.19%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82795      0.74%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3746      0.03%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25164      0.23%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11568      0.10%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23219      0.21%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               57703      0.52%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 138      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11347      0.10%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 549      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              66413      0.60%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                100      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1348624     12.10%     91.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  784313      7.04%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              149781      1.34%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              55656      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11144241                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        68611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        19867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           88478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        68611                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        19867                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          88478                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7239                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3442                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10681                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    638267000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    638267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59558.502556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60175.188844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59757.232469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59558.502556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60175.188844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59757.232469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    616905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    616905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57558.502556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58175.188844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57757.232469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57558.502556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58175.188844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57757.232469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1451                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        68611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        19867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          88478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    638267000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59558.502556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60175.188844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59757.232469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    616905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57558.502556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58175.188844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57757.232469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6763.539647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.113025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    15.402955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3993.536524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2754.600168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.060937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.042032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.103203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.141373                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           126059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          126059                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7775196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7775196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7775196                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7775196                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          99968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              99968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         99968                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             99968                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2221191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2221191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2221191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2221191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7875164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7875164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22219.020086                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22219.020086                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22219.020086                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22219.020086                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2021255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2021255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2021255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2021255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20219.020086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20219.020086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20219.020086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20219.020086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      99712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7775196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7775196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         99968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             99968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2221191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2221191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7875164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22219.020086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22219.020086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2021255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2021255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20219.020086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20219.020086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.261657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7847964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 99712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 78.706314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.261657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7975132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7975132                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       691392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       691392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  691392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11291000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56831750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          463296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          220288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              683584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       463296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         463296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19673773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            9354487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               29028260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19673773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19673773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          331565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                331565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          331565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19673773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           9354487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              29359825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       112.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7239.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3436.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009097726500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                27516                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  78                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10681                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         122                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10681                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       122                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      82270250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    53375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                282426500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7706.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26456.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7887                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       71                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10681                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   122                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     245.897143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    163.429370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    255.434107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           930     33.21%     33.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          924     33.00%     66.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          393     14.04%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          168      6.00%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           98      3.50%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           66      2.36%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      1.61%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.82%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          153      5.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1509.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     987.810425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1533.133295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.581212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.894427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     60.00%     60.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1     20.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  683200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   683584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         29.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      29.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23163473000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2144170.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       463296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       219904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5312                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19673773.491210676730                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 9338180.096118232235                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 225573.034917873476                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7239                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3442                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          122                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    189942250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     92484250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 159885674000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26238.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26869.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1310538311.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8575140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4557795                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             34236300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               36540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1858671360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1569648330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7720974240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11196699705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.465650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20057079500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    786240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2705594500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11416860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6068205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41983200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              396720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1858671360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2234263770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7161298080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11314098195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         480.450954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18594687750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    786240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4167986250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2291464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2291464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2292695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2292695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47334                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47334                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    999074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    999074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1004037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1004037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2338555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2338555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2340029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2340029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21215.816186                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21215.816186                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21211.750539                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21211.750539                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22117                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22117                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    909371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    909371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19215.858657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19215.858657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19211.792792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19211.792792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47077                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1464255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1464255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         33968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             33968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    618011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1498223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1498223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18193.917805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18193.917805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    550075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16193.917805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16193.917805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381063000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    381063000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       840332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         840332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29037.796236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29037.796236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354819000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354819000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27037.948640                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27037.948640                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      4963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20423.868313                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20423.868313                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4477000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4477000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18423.868313                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18423.868313                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.883405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2270240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.223973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.883405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2387362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2387362                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               48142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              48142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         75850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1402716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1905972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1402716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1905972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          147302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         147302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18493.289387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21589.703990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19221.177894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18493.289387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21589.703990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19221.177894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1251016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1707654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1251016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1707654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16493.289387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19589.789790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17221.198064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16493.289387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19589.789790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17221.198064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    112206                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              48142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1402716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503256000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1905972000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         147302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18493.289387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21589.703990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19221.177894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1251016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1707654000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16493.289387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19589.789790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17221.198064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.923882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 168587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               112206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.502478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.231245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   284.226154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.466483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.555129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               282137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              282137                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               147302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              147301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       199936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  316720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4444800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6397952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10842752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           499840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23548914000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27683008000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122177                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34504544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   225483                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    57.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              483172842                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12918852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027683                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27683008000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1431630                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12918852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1763992                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      993144                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9211082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2769                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27683008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27683008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7107748                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4091042                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1030030                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 508801                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        508801                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               763334                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              426035                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      293700                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12599985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12599985                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25296935                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10219316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1762697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2755419                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     992722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35314      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9792212     75.80%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24677      0.19%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     83341      0.65%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5023      0.04%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    27538      0.21%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11632      0.09%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25890      0.20%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               69160      0.54%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 180      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11987      0.09%     78.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 702      0.01%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              74035      0.57%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                140      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1601548     12.40%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929889      7.20%     98.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              161149      1.25%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              62833      0.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12918890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        86765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        26300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          113065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        86765                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        26300                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         113065                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7435                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3580                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11015                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    658424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443467000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    658424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       124080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       124080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59645.864156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60043.854749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59775.215615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59645.864156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60043.854749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59775.215615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428597000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    636394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428597000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    636394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57645.864156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58043.854749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57775.215615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57645.864156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58043.854749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57775.215615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1470                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        86765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        26300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         113065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    658424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       124080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59645.864156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60043.854749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59775.215615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    636394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57645.864156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58043.854749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57775.215615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7142.509121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             146024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            13.214842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    16.238800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  4294.501554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2831.768767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.065529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.043209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.108986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.146179                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           157074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          157074                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9088302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9088302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9088302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9088302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         122780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             122780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        122780                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            122780                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2649242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2649242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2649242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2649242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9211082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9211082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21577.146115                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21577.146115                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21577.146115                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21577.146115                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        122780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       122780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2403682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2403682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2403682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2403682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19577.146115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19577.146115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19577.146115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19577.146115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     122524                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9088302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9088302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        122780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            122780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2649242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2649242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9211082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21577.146115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21577.146115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2403682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2403682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19577.146115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19577.146115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.371919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9211082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                122780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 75.021029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.371919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9333862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9333862                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       712768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       712768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  712768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11625000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           58598750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          475840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          229120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              704960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       475840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         475840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           17188884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            8276557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               25465441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      17188884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          17188884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          282050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                282050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          282050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          17188884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           8276557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              25747491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       112.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7435.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3574.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009097726500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29246                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  78                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11015                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         122                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11015                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       122                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      85045750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    55045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                291464500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7725.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26475.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8162                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       71                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11015                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   122                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     248.299405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    164.562112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    257.636781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           945     33.05%     33.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          938     32.81%     65.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          400     13.99%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          172      6.02%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          105      3.67%     89.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           67      2.34%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      1.68%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.87%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          159      5.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1509.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     987.810425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1533.133295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.581212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.894427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     60.00%     60.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1     20.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  704576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   704960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         25.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      25.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27550533000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2473784.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       475840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       228736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5312                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 17188883.520172376186                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 8262685.904653136618                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 191886.662027479091                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7435                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3580                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          122                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    195740000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     95724500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 159885674000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26326.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26738.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1310538311.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8696520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4622310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             34750380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               36540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2185045200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1648533480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9242036640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13123721070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         474.071353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24010723000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    924300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2747985000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11716740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6227595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             43853880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              396720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2185045200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2363068380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8640323040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13250631555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         478.655772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22438568250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    924300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4320139750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2695403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2695403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2696813                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2696813                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          59985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              59985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1226255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1226255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1232285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1232285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2755388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2755388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2757098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2757098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20442.694007                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20442.694007                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20440.988637                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20440.988637                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1106285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1111715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1111715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18442.694007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18442.694007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18440.988637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18440.988637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60029                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1719081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1719081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         43201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             43201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    776154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    776154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1762282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1762282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17966.111896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17966.111896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    689752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    689752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15966.111896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15966.111896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         976322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             976322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450101000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    450101000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       993106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         993106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26817.266444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26817.266444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416533000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416533000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24817.266444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24817.266444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6030000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      6030000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        20100                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        20100                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5430000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5430000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        18100                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18100                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.050154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2757098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.734395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.050154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2817383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2817383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               58985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              58985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         94200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            124080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           124080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1653197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2249434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1653197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2249434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          183065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         183065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.677792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.677792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17549.861996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19954.384203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18128.900709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17549.861996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19954.384203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18128.900709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1464797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1464797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15549.861996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17954.384203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16128.900709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15549.861996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17954.384203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16128.900709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    142435                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              58985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           124080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1653197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2249434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         183065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.677792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17549.861996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19954.384203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18128.900709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1464797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15549.861996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17954.384203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16128.900709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.233923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 211842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               142947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.481962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.551364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   299.868968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   136.813591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.585682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.267214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               354789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              354789                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               183065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              183065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  394907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5699968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7857920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13557888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           613900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            326950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           301425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27683008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
